## 0.10.0

*Released 08/06/2015*

**Summary:**

- Cypress is now able to run all the tests, run in the terminal, and includes support for Linux and CI. Additionally, most of the functionality of he GUI Desktop App can now be accessed through command line arguments.
- Because each operating system requires a specific build of Cypress - a new CLI tool has been created which abstracts away these differences and orchestrates the Desktop App regardless of which OS you are running.
- This [CLI tool is now published on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress), though the documentation still needs to be written.
- There is now a download service to access the latest version of Cypress and previous versions.
- Cypress aims not only to make it easier to write tests, but after you build a test harness, it will make it easier to dive into failed tests (hat run in CI). This release paves the way for providing after-run results and allowing you to dive into those failures.

**Breaking Changes:**

- Due to security upgrades, adding projects in previous versions will no longer work. Upgrade and everything should be okay.

**Features:**

- The latest version of Cypress can be downloaded here: [http://download.cypress.io/latest](http://download.cypress.io/latest).
- Cypress can alternatively be downloaded / installed / managed through the CLI utility.
- Cypress can now be run through the terminal.
- You can now run all of your tests inside of the GUI App.
- You can use the CLI tool to run Cypress in CI. The documentation for this needs to be written, but it will be very simple to do. You will robably only have to write 2 lines in your CI scripts to run Cypress.
- You can configure CI to use any reporter built into Mocha, and additionally we are adding JUnit XML output (for Jenkins) as a built in default.
- You can write your own custom reporter which Cypress can use in CI.
- Console output from your apps is suppressed while running in the terminal.

**Bugfixes:**

- Several security problems with projects have been closed in preparation for running in CI.
- Extensive memory profiling has been done and Cypress has implemented several strategies for aggressively causing garbage collection. The ebugging tools (which allow you to walk back in time through DOM snapshots, or access objects from previous tests) could exhaust all available emory in previous versions. This likely never affected most users, but if a user ran 1000's of tests (which have been written in Cypress) it ould bomb. Now Cypress only stores data for up to 50 tests, and will begin purging data past that. When run in the terminal, Cypress doesn't apply any of its debugging tools, so CI will be unaffected.
- Several instances of memory leaks were plugged up.

**Misc:**

- Everything except for the `cypress driver` is now minified.
- Some users have reported problems upgrading previous versions. This is because we changed the name from "cypress" to "Cypress" including some inaries. If your upgrade does not finish you can redownload the latest version of Cypress or use the CLI tool to reinstall it.
- Our build and testing processes have been upgraded to accommodate Linux builds.
- Sinon.JS object formatting during errors has been suppressed (when using spies/stubs) due to its horrendous performance when comparing deeply nested objects. This means you won't see the (mostly) useless error output from Sinon, but given Cypress debugging tools you can still inspect objects and figure out what went wrong.


