## 0.11.5

*Released 09/20/2015*

**Features:**

- The `Linux` version of Cypress now works correctly for GUI Desktop versions (tested on Ubuntu Desktop). Previously it would only worked during `cypress run` in server versions. The `tray` used in OSX does not work with the `Linux`, so in `Linux` we just use a standard window + menu.
- Added Desktop Icon.

**Bugfixes:**

- Cypress now forces the initial [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit) not to be cached by the browser. This was incorrectly being cached which meant when you changed the [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit) it would not actually go out and fetch the new contents. Previously you had to check `Disable Cache` in the `Network Tab` inside of Chrome to prevent this bug. Unfortunately this has a significant performance drawback. If you use a [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit) before each test you will notice a degrade in performance because this request is no longer cached. This is a temporary problem until Cypress implements a more sophisticated caching strategy which optimizes these concerns. There is a lot to improve in this arena but it will take more time before it's implemented.
- [`.should()`](/api/commands/should) will no longer throw an error when it is used as a `parent command` and has a callback function signature, and that callback function throws outside of an assertion. Instead now it logs correctly, handles the error, and displays this error for you.

**Misc:**

- Many additional tests added to the multi-os deployment process.
- When Cypress opens other windows they are now auto-focused.

