## 0.11.0

_Released 09/13/2015_

**Summary:**

- This release marks a major change in the underlying algorithms used to prevent
  testing flake. It is a major goal of Cypress to combat and prevent **all**
  test flake. These algorithm changes go a long way towards making this a
  reality, and have been months in the making.
- Cypress can now predict upcoming assertions and modifies its behavior until
  the intended state has been reached.
- Command options `exist` / `visible` / `length` have been deprecated, these
  were confusing and limiting, and the same result can now be achieved using
  normal assertions. The end result is much more robust and much easier to
  understand.

**Features:**

- Commands which precede assertions will now look downstream at those assertions
  and not resolve until their subject's state passes all assertions. Previously
  this was **sort of** implemented using _Command Options_ and the `eventually`
  flag, but now this is the default behavior. _Command Options_ only worked on
  DOM-based subjects, and now the new assertion verification works on everything
  else (including RL-based commands, etc). What this means is that Cypress can
  predict what you are requesting and automatically modifies its behavior until
  this state is reached. This prevents test brittleness / random test flake.
  Additionally this removes ever having to use
  [`cy.wait(Number)`](/api/commands/wait) or `cy.wait(Function)` (though this is
  still a valid command). As a side effect, you will now see commands + their
  assertions in the spinning pending blue state. When assertions fail their
  associated command also fails at the same time. This visually represents the
  coupling between these two concepts. Another side effect is that `timeout`
  options do not need to be provided on the succeeding assertions, and can
  instead just be provided on the proceeding command. All of the coupled
  assertions will automatically be retried to the maximum `timeout` setting.
  Fixes [#43](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/43).
- Action commands will now insert an artificial delay after resolving to enable
  modern JavaScript frameworks time to _flush_ their run loops. snapshots are
  delayed until after the action, resulting in more accurate snapshots because
  JavaScript frameworks would not process these DOM events until `N`
  milliseconds after they occurred. This has the unfortunate side effect of
  _decreasing_ performance by about _5-10%_ but the end result is that it is
  much easier to debug and Cypress is less prone to flake caused by modern
  JavaScript frameworks. This change comes after collecting many data points and
  this was one of the easiest changes that help reduce flake. For users that
  don't use the latest and greatest JavaScript frameworks, this action delay can
  be reduced through `cypress.json` which may speed up large test suites.
- Aliasing custom commands now intelligently figures out where to apply the
  alias without being specified inside of the actual custom command.
- The algorithm for replaying aliased commands is now much more accurate,
  handles stale element references better, and will not replay commands which
  have a side effect (like action commands). The end result is Cypress will now
  almost always find the desired element by determining the minimum number of
  re-queries and is not susceptible to stale element references. Additionally
  using assertions on aliased elements now works (where previously using a
  _Command Option_ on an alias would just be ignored. This was very difficult to
  implement but should be 100% solid. Fixes
  [#36](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/36).
- Assertions which actually produced 2 assertions (under the hood) such as
  `should('have.attr', 'href', '/users/1')` will now only log the 2nd assertion,
  unless the first fails.
- Previously using `eventually.have.length` was impossible (and this would throw
  an error), but now this works as you'd expect with the default
  `should('have.length')`.

**Bugfixes:**

- Aliased commands now correctly output a command log again when they are
  replayed.
- Assertions that involved an `{exp}` property are no longer incorrectly
  substituted with the `#{this}` subject.
- Removed special logic for _Angular_ which tapped into its digest cycle for
  queueing commands. This had unpredictable results when there was n `interval`
  set, and is now superseded by the new queueing system anyway (which is more
  performant).
- `Sinon's` formatting of failed `spy` or `stub` calls is horrendously
  non-performant and would sometimes choke the CPU for several seconds. This
  formatting has been completely removed and will be replaced by something less
  outrageous later on. At the moment you can still use the built in Cypress
  debugging (clicking on a command log, etc) to see what the actual values were.
  Fixes [#18](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/18).

**Misc:**

- The internal retry loop of Cypress now runs at `60fps`, instead of `20fps`.
- Cypress overrides chai's default inspection function for DOM elements meaning
  instead of seeing `{ Object (0, length, ...) }` you will now ee the nicely
  formatted Cypress DOM element like: `<button#primary.btn-large>`.
- Cypress now overrides chai's `match` chainer and provides a specific error
  message when a non `regex` value is provided. Fixes
  [#58](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/58).
- Cypress now handles `length` and `exist` assertion chainers in a very specific
  way, providing a detailed message on failure, and automatically slices out any
  stale element references.
- The `contain` assertion chainer from `chai-jquery` has been extended to match
  the same selector logic as [`cy.contains()`](/api/commands/contains) - meaning
  it now checks the `value` of `input[type=submit]`.
- Tweaked the label for displaying the number of elements a command resolved
  with (now displays 0 differently than > 1).
- Removed the `eventually` flag in assertions as now this is the default
  behavior on normal assertions.
- Deprecated all _Command Options_. You will see a very nice and simple error
  message explaining how to convert these to assertions.
- [`.within()`](/api/commands/within) can now be silenced with `{log: false}`.
- Many error messages have been rewritten to be much more fluent and easier to
  understand.

**Other News:**

- Cypress is currently seeking to raise a Series A. This will enable us to grow
  the team and speed up development but seeking it has come at a ost for current
  development speed. If you have any VC connections
  [please send them our way](mailto:support@cypress.io).
