## 0.12.6

*Released 11/29/2015*

**Features:**

- There are now [Getting Started](/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress) docs including [configuration](/guides/references/configuration) for `cypress.json`
- Cypress now silently restarts the server whenever it detects a change to `cypress.json` - meaning you no longer have to manually reboot the server for changes to be picked up.
- There is a new [`Cypress.config`](/api/cypress-api/config) interface - akin to [`Cypress.env`](/api/cypress-api/env) which provides access to configuration values.

**Bugfixes:**

- Setup/Teardown code was not properly running on nested Mocha `before`hooks which caused the error: `The XHR server is unavailable or missing...`. Fixes [#80](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/80) and [#86](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/86).
- Prevent accidental mutation of [`cy.server()`](/api/commands/server) options when [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route) was provided options. Fixes [#84](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/84) and [#85](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/85).
- Using [`cy.title()`](/api/commands/title) would incorrectly search the `<body>` for title elements, and is now restricted to only searching in the `<head>`
- Cross-Origin requests are now proxied by Cypress. In other words their URL's are transparently rewritten which bypasses CORS problems. This is a quick fix which should satisfy most of the problems users were having with CORS requests. However there is a much bigger change coming in `0.14.0` where the entire proxy layer will be rewritten to accommodate CORS, `window.fetch` and `domain cookies` flawlessly. As it stands Cypress is prone to errors in complex setups.

**Misc:**

- Exposed `visitTimeout` and `requestTimeout` [configuration](/guides/references/configuration).
- Increased `visitTimeout` from `20s` to `30s`.
- [`.click()`](/api/commands/click) will now throw if you are attempting to click more than 1 element. Pass `{multiple: true}` to enable this behavior again. Each element will be clicked serially and inserted into the Command Log.


