## 0.13.2

_Released 12/20/2015_

**Notes:**

- Docs have been updated for [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait), [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route) and [`cy.server()`](/api/commands/server) to reflect these changes.

**Features:**

- Added `responseTimeout` [configuration](/guides/references/configuration) value.
- [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) has been upgraded to now use two separate `timeout` values. In previous versions [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) used the `commandTimeout` and would automatically time out if the XHR did not achieve a response in that time frame. Now [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) will go through two independent timeout phases. At first [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) will wait for an XHR to be requested which matches its route. It will wait up to the value configured with `requestTimeout` (default 5000ms). After it sees a matching request it will then go into `response` waiting mode. It will wait up to the value configured with `responseTimeout` (default 20000ms). When [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) fails you now receive a much better error message indicating exactly which phase failed. Whether a request was never sent out, or whether it timed out waiting for a response. This gives you the best of both worlds and prevents situations where Cypress was timing out on slow servers. By creating new configuration values: `requestTimeout` and `responseTimeout` you can now directly control this behavior without affecting other regular commands.

**Bugfixes:**

- Prevent removing trailing new lines on fixtures after formatting.
- Added cache buster to test files which forces them to be reloaded in the `Sources` panel after making modifications. In previous versions when test files were live reloaded Chrome would not display their new contents due to a bug in Dev Tools. We've now worked around this issue.

**Misc:**

- Removed `{stub: false}` option from [`cy.server()`](/api/commands/server) and [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route). Cypress will now log a deprecation warning when you use the this option. Removing this option helps simplify the API because now Cypress can figure out whether you really want to stub the route based on whether you've provided a response or not. If you have not provided a response, the default behavior will be to not stub. If you do provide a response, Cypress will stub the route.
- Repurposed `requestTimeout` to now mean the time we wait for an XHR to be requested. Changed [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request) to now use `responseTimeout` configuration value.
- Updated many error messages to be more consistent.
- Added special error messages when elements cannot have actions applied to them with a suggestion to use `{force: true}`.
