## 0.13.0

*Released 12/9/2015*

**Summary:**

- Though it may not look like much, this upgrade was a long time in the making. There were limitations in the way we were currently handling headless / CI builds which restricted our ability to make updates or fix bugs. Additionally CI runs would randomly crash for no good reason. We decided to split out the headless / CI process into its own independent Chromium application which is now independently controlled, and is much more reliable. This upgrade enables us to handle CI features coming down the pipe and was necessary for moving forward.

**Features:**

- Upgraded `Chromium` for headless and CI runs from `41` to `45`.
- You will now see better stack traces and errors during `cypress run` / in CI. No more `undefined is not a function` errors.
- Ported all links to use the new Cypress CDN.
- [Documentation to CLI](/guides/guides/command-line).

**Bugfixes:**

- New chromium upgrade prevents synchronous XHR freezes.
- New chromium upgrade fixes situation where extremely long CI runs would sometimes randomly crash.
- Fixed problem with rewriting content on elements which contained `<svg>` elements.

**Breaking Changes:**

- Temporarily ignoring the `--reporter` option for headless / CI runs. Currently it is locked to the `spec` reporter, which is the default. This will be fixed in the next few patch releases.
- ~~Accessing `window.history.go()`, `window.history.back()`, `window.history.forward()` will throw an error during `cypress run` / CI. This is a regression that will be fixed - hopefully very soon.~~ This is fixed in [`0.13.3`](#0-13-3)
- While this new Chromium application passes our internal tests, it may crop up other regressions we aren't aware of. If you're experiencing different behavior in CI vs running locally in Chrome, this may be an indication of these.


