## 0.14.1

_Released 03/13/2016_

**Features:**

- Project ID's and `cypress.json` are now only generated once you start your Cypress server. Previously they were created initially when you choose the project folder. This now means you won't have to cleanup excess files if you accidentally select the wrong folder. Additionally you can now use Cypress 100% offline. Previously the GUI would block until the project had an ID but this restriction has been lifted.

**Bugfixes:**

- The proxy server can now correctly proxy content on a `ipv6` host only. We had to patch node core to get this in, as by default node prefers `ipv4`. We now concurrently test all hosts via `dns.lookup` to find the first one that responds. This updated behavior now matches how other clients, like `curl`, and browsers resolve hosts. Fixes [#112](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/112).
- Simplified how Cypress stores projects and fixed some edge cases where Cypress would send an outdated Project ID.
- Prevent server from opening and immediately closing + re-opening when project is missing a Project ID and one is generated.
- Using Cypress as a file server and serving a file that's part of a folder that has a name containing a space now works. Fixes [#113](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/113).
- The existing `.cy` cache and settings are now correctly copied again after an app update.

**Misc:**

- Projects without an ID now error correctly when running in CI.
- When Cypress cannot proxy http content due to a software error it will attach a `x-cypress-error` and `x-cypress-stack` to the HTTP request for easy inspection and debugging.
- Cypress will now output its internal logger directly to the console when `CYPRESS_DEBUG` env var is set.
- Replaced Ruby / Compass with `node saas`.
