## 0.15.4

_Released 04/22/2016_

**Notes:**

- The docs have not yet been updated to reflect the changes to
  [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke).

**Breaking Changes:**

- You can no longer improperly use [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and
  [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke). Using [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke)
  on a non function property will result in an error that tells you how to write
  it properly using [`.its()`](/api/commands/its).

**Features:**

- Our [chat](https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress) has now been directly
  integrated into Cypress's nav. Clicking on the `chat` icon will immediately
  display the current gitter chat log.
- Added a new link to Options dropdown in Desktop app for "Chat" that goes to
  our [chat](https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress).
- [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke) now
  support **dot separated** nested properties.
- Using [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) on a function will now allow you to access
  its properties instead of automatically calling a function. Fixes
  [#122](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/122).
- Error messages and command messages for [`.its()`](/api/commands/its) and
  [`.invoke()`](/api/commands/invoke) have been improved.
- Adding an attribute called `data-cypress-ignore` to an element will prevent
  the internal Cypress proxy from rewriting any of its content or attributes.

**Bugfixes:**

- During `cypress run`, windows created with `window.open` will no longer
  physically display. They are now correctly headless. Fixes
  [#123](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/123).
- The auto generated `example_spec.js` no longer errors on
  `cy.visit('app/index.html')` since that file would likely not locally exist.

**Misc:**

- Better error handling of unauthorized users attempting to login to Cypress
  with improved
  [Login documentation](/guides/getting-started/installing-cypress).
