## 0.15.3

*Released 04/10/2016*

**Features:**

- Cypress will now [display the **resolved** configuration values when you open a project](/guides/references/configuration#Resolved-Configuration). This tells you the source of all config values.
- The latest version of the [Cypress CLI](/guides/guides/command-line) now accepts passing arguments to [cypress open](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-open). Example: `cypress open --config waitForAnimations=false --env foo=bar,baz=quux`. This enables you to set and override local `cypress.json` configuration and additionally set environment variables.
- [Environment Variables](/guides/guides/environment-variables) that match any configuration keys (such as `pageLoadTimeout` or `watchForFileChanges`) now override their values. So, if you `export CYPRESS_WATCH_FOR_FILE_CHANGES=false` it will turn off this configuration option. Also note that we'll automatically normalize environment keys so: `CYPRESS_pageLoadTimeout=100000` and `CYPRESS_PAGE_LOAD_TIMEOUT=100000` will both be correctly handled. We'll also coerce values into `Boolean` or `Number` correctly.
- Cypress now correctly proxies WebSockets that are pointed at the local Cypress server (typically `localhost:2020`). Because most users use [Socket.io](http://socket.io/), when Socket.io could not correctly connect over WebSockets it would fall back to XHR polling. You may notice many less XHR requests in your command log (which is the intended behavior).
- The tray icon in OSX will now change colors. It will turn blue when you're running a Cypress project and red on any kind of failures such as syntax errors in `cypress.json`. It will turn back black when nothing is actively running.
- The title of your project is now the title of the browser tab (so you can easily tell Cypress tabs from one another).
- There is now a link to our [chat](https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress) in the navigation of the web app.

**Bugfixes:**

- The `-s` or `--spec` option now works correctly. You now must pass a relative or absolute path to your spec file. This is much less confusing, allows you to easily autocomplete entries from bash, and will support `unitFolder` later when it's added. Assuming you want to run a spec file that is located in `cypress/integration/foo_spec.js` you would pass: `cypress run --spec 'cypress/integration/foo_spec.js'`. Previously you could just pass `--spec foo_spec.js` which now no longer works (and was broken anyway). Fixes [#120](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/120).

**Misc:**

- Open sourced another core repo: [Cypress Core Test Runner](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/tree/develop/packages/desktop-gui) which makes up the Cypress Desktop Application.
- Improved the [error message](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/74#issuecomment-208422453) displayed to users on Windows attempting to download the Cypress Desktop app.


