## 0.15.0

*Released 03/28/2016*

**Overview:**

- As we get closer to a public release we've decided to focus on onboarding new users and new projects. We've made several breaking changes to help with this process.

**Features:**

- There is now an `example_spec.js` file that is scaffolded on new projects. This allows new users to instantly see Cypress successfully running on an example project and will answer many questions on writing your first tests. This `example_spec.js` file contains every single Cypress command and has approximately 70 tests.
- Added a welcome dialog for new projects that explains how Cypress scaffolds out its folder structure. This dialog will only display if Cypress detects that you haven't written any tests or changed the initial `example_spec.js` file. The welcome dialog will no longer display after you've changed or added any tests.
- Added the ability to click on file/folder links from within the Cypress webapp that will spawn your OS file/folder finder and show you where the files are located in your project.
- There is now a default `cypress` folder that contains your test files, a `fixtures` folder with an example fixture, and a `support` folder with example support files. Inside `cypress` there is an `integration` folder that will contain your integration tests.
- You can now turn off `supportFolder` and `fixturesFolder` by passing `false` in `cypress.json`. This will automatically remove the folders the next time you open your project in Cypress. Fixes [#102](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/102).
- Restyled the tests list.

**Breaking Changes:**

- Cypress no longer looks at your `tests` directory for test files. Now, by default, it looks in the `cypress/integration` directory.
- We've removed the configuration option `testFolder` and renamed it to [`integrationFolder`](/guides/references/configuration#Folders-Files) inside of the `cypress.json`.
- We've renamed the `cypress` npm package to be `cypress-cli`. You'll see a giant deprecation warning until your scripts have been updated to reference `cypress-cli`.. You can also uninstall the `cypress` npm package.
- Added new [`fileServerFolder`](/guides/references/configuration#Folders-Files) configuration option that can mount a directory other than your project root when using Cypress as a web server.

**Misc:**

- Using [`.hover()`](/api/commands/hover) will provide a detailed error message with a link for working around hover constraints. Addresses [#10](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/10)
- Internal routing errors in Cypress are now gracefully handled with `x-cypress-error` and `x-cypress-stack` set on response headers.
- Updated all of the repo names to be modular.

**What you need to do**:
- We did not write an automatic migration from `tests` -> `cypress`
- You need to manually move your existing test files from `tests` into `cypress/integration`.
- [Come into the chat](https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress) if you have any problems or need help.

More Info:
- Why did you change the default test folder to be `cypress/integration`.
- We are adding support for unit testing in the near future and decided that there needs to be a separation between `unit` and `integration` tests. The actual runner will handle these two sets of specs very differently. It's important to make the change now so when we do add support for unit tests, you only have to create a `unit` folder inside of your `cypress` folder.


