## 0.17.11

*Released 11/16/2016*

**Roadmap:**

- The changes in version [`0.17.11`](#01711-11162016) below are in preparation for Cypress￢ﾀﾙ platform service: a portal where screenshots, videos, config, and logs of your builds are accessible.

**Overview:**

- `cypress ci` now uploads build assets to our servers after a test run completes. Additionally, it tracks the `config` settings used during the build and tracks each individual test failure.
- If you do *not* want these assets to be tracked by Cypress, you need to switch to using [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run). We will happily remove any build assets that are accidentally uploaded to us during the update transition.

**Features:**

- We now record videos during a headless run with both `cypress ci` and [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run). Fixes [#229](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/229).
- After completing `cypress ci`, we now upload build assets (such as `screenshots` and `videos`) to be used in our upcoming admin interface. This will enable you to review assets without having to touch your CI server. Fixes [#292](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/292).

**Misc:**

- We've redesigned the headless run `stdout` to give you more details of the run, the stats after the run, what screenshots were taken, the video that was recorded, compression settings for the video, uploading asset progress, etc.
- Screenshot names now include their parent titles, and invalid file system characters are scrubbed. Fixes [#297](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/297).
- We no longer artificially restrict the environment `cypress ci` can run in. It can now run *anywhere*. Fixes [#296](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/296).
- We removed scaffolding any directories on a new project (during `cypress run`). Fixes [#295](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/295).
- [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run) no longer prompts the user for any kind of interaction, thus enabling you to use this in CI if you choose to do so. Fixes [#294](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/294).
- There is a new [configuration](/guides/references/configuration) property called: ~~`trashAssetsBeforeHeadlessRuns`~~ (This was changed to `trashAssetsBeforeRuns` in [`3.0.0`](#3.0.0)) that is set to `true` by default and will automatically clear out screenshots + videos folders before each run. These files are not deleted, they are just moved to your trash.
- There are several new [configuration](/guides/references/configuration) properties for video recording: `videoRecording`, `videoCompression`, and `videosFolder`.


