## 0.17.1

_Released 08/31/2016_

**Features:**

- You can now pass keyboard modifiers such as `ctrl`, `cmd`, `shift`, and `alt`
  to [`.type()`](/api/commands/type). In addition we've added support for not
  "releasing" these keys so they can affect other actions such as
  [`.click()`](/api/commands/click). Addresses
  [#196](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/196).
- You can now type into the `<body>` or `document` as opposed to previously
  _having_ to target a valid focusable element. This is useful in situations
  where you're testing keyboard shortcuts and do not want to target a specific
  element. Addresses [#150](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/150).
- There is a new command [`cy.readFile()`](/api/commands/readfile) that reads
  files on your file system and changes the subject to the contents. Addresses
  [#179](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/179).
- There is a new command [`cy.writeFile()`](/api/commands/writefile) that
  creates and/or writes contents to files on your file system. Addresses
  [#179](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/179).

**Bugfixes:**

- [`defaultCommandTimeout`](/guides/references/configuration#Timeouts) now works
  correctly. The driver was still referencing the old `commandTimeout` value.
- The `__cypress.initial` cookie should now be removed during any
  [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit), which should fix some edge cases with the
  proxy accidentally injecting content when it shouldn't. We also added a ton
  more e2e tests covering these edge cases and other behavior.
- The proxy now restricts its injection to only `Content-Type: text/html`
  headers so it will not accidentally inject into the wrong responses.

**Misc:**

- All [`cy.fixture()`](/api/commands/fixture) extensions are now supported and
  Cypress will no longer throw on extensions it doesn't recognize. For known
  fixture extensions we'll continue to apply a default `encoding` and for
  everything else it will default to `utf8`. Fixes
  [#200](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/200).
- [`cy.fixture()`](/api/commands/fixture) now accepts `encoding` as a 2nd
  optional argument.
- We now display a keyboard 'modifiers' column when clicking on a
  [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) in the Command Log.
