## 0.19.0

_Released 02/11/2017_

**Notes:**

- We have updated all of the docs related to these changes. The [CI Docs](/guides/continuous-integration/introduction) got a much needed facelift.
- There is a new docs section related to the [Dashboard](/guides/dashboard/introduction) and the new features.

**Overview:**

- We have officially released our [Dashboard](https://on.cypress.io/dashboard) which is our service that will display recorded runs.
- This service has now been fully integrated into the Desktop Application. There is a new on-boarding process that helps you setup projects for recording.

**Breaking Changes:**

- We have done our very best to create as little breaking changes as possible.
- You will need to download a new [cypress-cli](/guides/guides/command-line) - version `0.13.1`.
- Older CLI versions will continue to work on `0.19.0` except for the [cypress open](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-open) command - and will we print a warning to nudge you to upgrade.
- Newer CLI versions will not work on versions of Cypress < `0.19.0` (but we don't know why this would ever even happen).

**Features:**

- There is a new [Dashboard](https://on.cypress.io/dashboard) service that displays your recorded runs.
- The [Dashboard](https://on.cypress.io/dashboard) enables you to view your recorded runs, manage projects, create organizations, invite users and set permissions.
- Projects are either **public** with their runs being publicly viewable by anyone, or **private** which restricts their access to only users you've invited. All **existing** projects were set to **private** by default.
- When you invite users (from the Dashboard) we will **automatically** allow them. This means you can invite all of your teammates (or anyone else). They can start using Cypress without talking to us.
- We now list all of the recorded runs directly in the Test Runner under a new `Runs` tab. Fixes [#236](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/236).
- Your list of projects in the Test Runner now displays their last recorded run status - passing, failing, pending, running, etc.
- We've changed the "Config" tab to now be called "Settings". We added two new sections to the "Settings" tab which displays your `projectId` and your Record Key. These sections do a much better job explaining what these are and how you use them.
- You no longer have to use `cypress get:key` to get your Record Key. We now display this in your "Settings" tab and also in the [Dashboard](https://on.cypress.io/dashboard).
- Projects will no longer automatically acquire a `projectId` when being added. There is now a very explicit **opt-in** process where you setup your project to record. This should make it much clearer what's going on behind the scenes.
- [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run) now behaves likes `cypress ci` previously did and downloads + installs Cypress if it's not already installed.
- `cypress ci` now works in OSX, and also works in Linux in Desktop flavors (like Ubuntu).

**Misc:**

- [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run) will now download and install Cypress if it is not already installed.
- We renamed `CYPRESS_CI_KEY` TO `CYPRESS_RECORD_KEY`. This makes it clearer what this key actually does - and the fact that it can be run anywhere irrespective of CI. We still look for the old named key but will print a warning if we detect it.
- We print a warning when using an older CLI tool version. Fixes [#424](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/424).
- We've improved many of the error messages related to recording runs. Fixes [#423](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/423).
- `cypress ci` has been deprecated. You now use [`cypress run --record --key <record_key>`](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run). The key you used to pass to `cypress ci` is the same key. We've consolidated these commands into just [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run) which makes it simpler and clearer. Their only difference is that passing `--record` to [cypress run](/guides/guides/command-line#cypress-run) will **record** the build to our Dashboard. Fixes [#417](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/417).
