## 0.6.7

*Released 06/04/2015*

**Features:**

- When reverting the DOM, associated command elements are now automatically scrolled into view.
- Hitboxes are now displayed on the screen based on the actual coordinates where an `action command` event took place.
- Click events now display event information about the `mousedown` / `mouseup` / `click` default action + propagation in the command console.
- Preventing default action on `mousedown` will no longer give focus as per the spec.
- Click events are now issued in the exact center of an element (taking into account 2d transforms) and provide the coordinates in the command console and in the actual event
- Click events now take into account whether the associated element is being covered up by another element, and will retry or fail with an exact error message if the click was unable to be issued due to this reason.
- Click events will now intelligently provide `focus` to the first focusable element on the stack at the click coordinates, or will give `focus` to the window.
- Click events will issue the click to the topmost element based on the click coordinates and not necessarily to the element you requested to e clicked (which simulates exactly how a real click works). If this happens it is noted in the command console and provides the `Actual Element Clicked`.

**Bugfixes:**

- When hover over commands element layers (2d transforms like rotation) are now taken into account and displayed correctly.
- There was a bug when checking / unchecking `:checkbox` where it did not properly receive focus.

**Misc:**

- Click events are now replicated *almost* identically to the W3C click spec. They should behave for all intents and purposes, identically to real clicks in the browser.


