## 0.8.0

_Released 06/26/2015_

**Summary:**

- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now implements all DOM events to simulate
  every aspect of typing on a real keyboard.
- All of the [type docs have been updated](/api/commands/type.html) to reflect
  these changes.

**Features:**

- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now outputs "Key Events Table" which is a
  `console.table` of every key typed, the `charCode`, all vents that fired, and
  whether any were `preventedDefault`.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now accepts the following special character
  sequences: `{selectall}`, `{del}`, `{backspace}`, `{esc}`, `{{}`, `{enter}`,
  `{leftarrow}`, `{rightarrow}`.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) implements `cursor` and `selection` and
  `range` accurately like a real keyboard.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now fires change events exactly like real
  browsers when `{enter}` is used.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) will fire `textInput` and `input` events
  exactly like a real browser. Fixes
  [#7](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/7).
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now follows all of the spec in regards to
  `preventingDefault` on any event that would insert a character such as
  `keydown`, `keypress`, `textInput`.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) events should be `100%` identical to real
  browser `KeyboardEvents` including `charCode`, `which`, `keyCode`, `data`,
  etc.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now inserts a small delay `10ms` between each
  keystroke to simulate a real user typing.
- `input` events are now correctly fired when
  [`.select()`](/api/commands/select) chooses an `<option>`.
- `change` events are now fired exactly how a browser does (when an input loses
  focus and its value has changed since its last focus event). You'll see these
  fire after you use [`.blur()`](/api/commands/blur) directly, or use another
  `action command` on another element.

**Bugfixes:**

- Using [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) in an `input[type=number]` will no
  longer prepend the value. Fixes
  [#26](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26).
- `[contenteditable]` elements can now be focused and blurred.
- `aborting` during [`.click()`](/api/commands/click) /
  [`.dblclick()`](/api/commands/dblclick) now correctly cancels remaining queued
  click/dblclick events.

**Misc:**

- `console.groups` are now collapsed by default.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now validates the chars and will throw on
  anything other than a string or finite number.
- [`.type()`](/api/commands/type) now throws on empty strings.
- Removed several libs that used to handle typing simulation and rewrote typing
  from scratch.
