## 10.0.0

_Released 6/1/2022_

We are excited to officially announce the release of Cypress 10.0. The majority
of the changes in this release have been been made to highlight the unified
experience of end-to-end testing and component testing in Cypress. These changes
support smoother onboarding and project setup and give developers a first-class
way to quickly switch testing-types during development to have a seamless test
writing experience. Read more about 10.0 in
[our blog post](https://cypress.io/blog/2022/06/01/cypress-10-release/).

**Breaking Changes:**

**<Icon name="exclamation-triangle" color="red"></Icon> Please read our
[Migration Guide](/guides/references/migration-guide) which explains the changes
in more detail and provides what you need to change in your code to migrate to
Cypress 10.0.**

- We introduced several breaking changes to the Cypress configuration both to
  how the configuration is provided and to the configuration options themselves.
  For the a detailed explanation of these changes, please consult our
  [Migration Guide](/guides/references/migration-guide) amd use the 10.0
  migration workflow by running`cypress open` and selecting the project you
  would like to migrate. Breaking changes include:

  - Cypress Configuration File

    - Using a `cypress.json` configuration file is no longer valid and must be
      replaced with either a `cypress.config.js`, `cypress.config.ts`,
      `cypress.config.cjs` or `cypress.config.mjs` file. This change provides
      better flexibility and extensibility of configuration. With this change,
      if both a `cypress.json` file and `cypress.config.*` file are found or if
      the CLI flag of `-C,--config-file=*.json` is passed, an error will be
      thrown. Addressed in
      [#18221](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18221),
      [#18300](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18300),
      [#20554](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20554), and
      [#20643](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20643).
    - A Cypress configuration file is now required and passing the CLI flag
      `-C,--config-file=false` will result in an error. By default Cypress will
      automatically load the config file that matches
      `cypress.config.{cjs,js,mjs,ts}` if the `-C,--config-file` CLI flag is not
      passed. Addressed in
      [#20643](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20643).
    - A default configuration file will no longer be auto-generated by Cypress
      if a configuration file does not exist. Instead, Cypress will take you
      through a Project Setup workflow when running `cypress open`. This allows
      you to customize the configuration setup by testing-type for the language
      and dependencies leveraged in your project.

  - Cypress has had several configuration changes to clarify which configuration
    options are specific to either e2e or component testing or shared between
    all testing-types. The Migration workflows will handle updating these
    options for you when running `cypress open`. Anticipate changes to the
    provided Typescript Types. Addressed in
    [#20677](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20677).

    - Changed Options:

      - The `supportFile` option is no longer valid as a top-level configuration
        option and is now a testing-type specific option that must be defined
        within the `e2e` and/or `component` configurations. Previously the
        `supportFile` options defaulted to `cypress/support/index.js` for both
        testing types, now the
        [`e2e.supportFile`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) option
        defaults to `cypress/support/e2e.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}` and the
        [`component.supportFile`](/guides/references/configuration#component)
        option defaults to `cypress/support/component.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}`.
        Addressed in [#19776](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19776)
        and [#19364](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19364).
      - The [`baseUrl`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) option is only
        applicable to end-to-end testing and is no longer valid as a top-level
        configuration option. Instead, it must be defined within the `e2e`
        configuration. Addressed in
        [#20589](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20589).
      - The
        [`experimentalSessionAndOrigin`](/guides/references/experiments#Configuration)
        option is only applicable to end-to-end testing and is no longer valid
        as a top-level configuration option. Instead, it must be defined within
        the `e2e` configuration. Addressed in
        [#21588](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21588).
      - The `slowTestThreshold` option is no longer valid as a top-level
        configuration option and is now a testing-type specific option that must
        be defined within the [`e2e`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e)
        and/or [`component`](/guides/references/configuration#component)
        configuration. The default values for both testing types have not
        changed and are still `10000` ms for end-to-end testing and `250` ms for
        component testing.

    - Removed Options:
      - The `pluginsFile` option was removed. This option was replaced with the
        new `setupNodeEvents` option. Adding the `pluginsFile` option will now
        result in an error. Addressed in
        [#18798](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18798) and
        [#20560](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20560).
      - The `testFiles` option was removed. This option was replaced with the
        new `specPattern` option. Adding the `testFiles` option will now result
        in an error. Addressed in
        [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319) and
        [#20565](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20565).
      - The `integrationFolder` option was removed. This option was made
        obsolete with by the new `specPattern` option. Adding the
        `integrationFolder` option will now result in an error. Addressed in
        [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319).
      - The `componentFolder` option was removed. This option was made obsolete
        with by the new `specPattern` option. Adding the `componentFolder`
        option will now result in an error. Addressed in
        [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319).
      - The `ignoreTestFiles` option was removed. This option was replaced with
        the new `excludeSpecPattern` option. Adding the `ignoreTestFiles` option
        will now result in an error. Addressed in
        [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319).
      - The `experimentalStudio` option was removed with the removal of the
        experimental Cypress Studio feature and will be rethought/revisited in a
        later release. If this option is configured in your project, a warning
        message will be displayed. Addressed in
        [#20515](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20515).

- The “Run all specs” and “Run filtered specs” functionality have been removed.

- The experimental Cypress Studio feature has been removed. If you don’t think
  you can live without Studio,
  [please let us know](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/discussions/21561).
  Your feedback will help us factor in product decisions that may see Studio
  return in a future release. A warning will be displayed in both `open` and
  `run` mode to warn this feature has been removed. Addressed in
  [#20515](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20515).

- `after:screenshot` naming logic has changed which could impact the
  deterministic behavior of screenshot naming.

**Features:**

- Release Component Testing as Beta. Addressed in
  [#21111](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21111).
  <!-- - add beta labels to component testing cared. #21111 -->

- Cypress Configuration
    <!-- - [RECOMMENDATION] In 9.4.0 we added Intelligent Code Completion via the `defineConfig()` helper function. We encourage leveraging this helper while migrating your configuration. -->

  - Added support for `cypress.config.cjs` and `cypress.config.mjs`
    configuration files. Addressed in
    [#20643](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20643).

  - New Configuration Options

    - The `setupNodeEvents` option is new testing-ype specific configuration
      option. It must be defined within the
      [`e2e`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) and/or
      [`component`](/guides/references/configuration#component) configuration.
      This option accepts a function which allows you to modified your loaded
      configuration, listen to events and register plugins. This option replaced
      the `pluginsFile` option. Addressed in
      [#18798](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18798) and
      [#20560](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20560).

    - The [`devServer`](/guides/references/configuration#devServer) option is a
      new component testing specific configuration option that must be defined
      within the `component` configuration. This option provides a mechanism for
      starting a component testing dev-server when tests are running.

    - The `specPattern` option is new testing-type specific configuration option
      that must be defined within the
      [`e2e`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) and/or
      [`component`](/guides/references/configuration#component) configuration.
      This option accepts a glob pattern or an Array of globs patterns of the
      spec files to load. This option simplified the spec discovery by replacing
      the `componentFolder`, `integrationFolder` and `testFiles` options.
      Addressed in [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319)
      and [#20565](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20565).

      - The [`e2e.specPattern`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) default
        value is `cypress/e2e/**.cy.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}`. Previously the e2e spec
        files were discovered using the `integrationFolder` and `testFile`
        options, which defaulted to the glob pattern
        `cypress/integration/*/*.*`.
        - If you are not a Dashboard user, we are suggesting you move you spec
          files to `cypress/e2e` and namespace your spec files with `.cy`.
        - If you are a Dashboard user, we are suggesting you only move you spec
          files to `cypress/e2e`. If you choose to rename your specs, you will
          **lose** the spec's run history in the Dashboard.
        - Note, this change drops support for matching specs with either
          `.coffee` or `.cjsx` extensions by default.
      - The
        [`component.specPattern`](/guides/references/configuration#component)
        default value is `**/*.cy.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}`. Previously the component
        spec files were discovered using the `componentFolder` and `testFile`
        options, which had defaulted to the glob pattern
        `cypress/component/*/*.*`.

    - The `excludeSpecPattern` option is new testing-type specific configuration
      option that must be defined within the
      [`e2e`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e) and/or
      [`component`](/guides/references/configuration#component) configuration.
      This option accepts a glob pattern or an Array of globs patterns which
      allows you to ignore spec files that would otherwise be shown in your list
      of specs. This option replaced the `ignoreTestFiles` option. Addressed in
      [#19319](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19319),
      [#19980](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19980) and
      [#20763](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20763).
      - The [`e2e.excludeSpecPattern`](/guides/references/configuration#e2e)
        default value is the the same as the replaced `ignoreTestFiles` glob
        pattern of `*.hot-update.js`.
      - The
        [`component.excludeSpecPattern`](/guides/references/configuration#component)
        default value is `['**/__snapshots__/*','**/__image_snapshots__/*']`
        plus the `e2e.specPattern` glob patterns. Previously this defaulted to
        the glob pattern `*.hot-update.js`.
      - The `**/node_modules/**` pattern is automatically added to both
        `e2e.excludeSpecPattern` and `component.excludeSpecPattern`, and does
        not need to be specified and it can't be overridden. This is consistent
        with <10.0 behavior.

  - Intelligent Code Completion was added with the `defineConfig()` helper
    function. This enables configuration auto-completion and in-line
    documentation in the configuration file while minimizing boilerplate
    configuration values. While it's not strictly necessary for Cypress to parse
    your configuration, we recommend wrapping your config object with
    `defineConfig()`. Addressed in
    [#18302](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18302).

- Cypress Commands

  - Enhanced `.within()` to provide visual indication of nested commands and
    logs. Addresses
    [#20433](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20433).

  - Users can now add custom `cy.hover()` and `cy.mount()` implementation using
    `Cypress.Commands.add()` since we do not provide a default implementation,
    but suggest adding custom functionality. Previously users had to use
    `Cypress.Command.override()` to provide the custom implementation. Addresses
    [#18941](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/18941).

- Cypress Module / CLI

  - New `--e2e` and `--component` CLI flags were added to the `cypress run` and
    `cypress open` commands to allow a user to run or launch Cypress for a
    specific testing type.
    - If a testing-type specific CLI flag is not provided when running
      `cypress open`, Cypress will show the Launchpad to the user so they can
      select the testing type. Previously `cypress open` would launch Cypress
      for end-to-end testing for a specific project.
    - If a testing-type specific CLI flag is not provided when running
      `cypress run`, Cypress will continue to run end-to-end tests by default.
  - Rough draft: We now ship the following component testing plugins with the
    cypress modules: . We use your local framework dependencies found in
    `node_modules`, so this does not add additional dependencies to the Cypress
    package.json. <-- shouldn't this be listed as peer-dependencies so these are
    available when tests run?The latest plugin version will be shipped with each
    Cypress release. Be sure to check the plugin's minimum dependency version to
    leverage these out-of-the box from the cypress module. If you are using a
    non-compatible version, you can add a custom devServer configuration and
    cy.mount() command to test in Cypress.
    [#20930](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20930)

    - ships with @cypress/mount-utils@2.0.0 content without dependencies
    - ships with @cypress/react@6.0.0 content without dependencies
    - ships with @cypress/vue@4.0.0 content without dependencies
    - ships with @cypress/vue2@1.0.0 (New Package)content without dependencies

    - You can now pass in testing-type specific configuration options via the
      `--config` CLI flag without nesting JSON. Addressed in
      [#20127](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20127).
    - Browser Error alert/message + browsers options display when
      browser-specified via `--browser` CLI option does not exist on the system.
      [#18473](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/18473).

- Launchpad:
  <!-- - Enhancements were made to allow the user to switch between the end-to-end testing and the Alpha component testing runners from within the Cypress app. -->

  - Updates have been made to the Cypress Application launched in either open
    mode or global mode.

    - Previously, you would open Cypress with a specific testing type specified
      with a CLI flag (e2e by default) and then you would be shown the list of
      specs available to run for that project and testing type. You would then
      select a spec and it would launch in the specified browser to run the
      tests found in that spec. You would have to close the browser and navigate
      back to the Cypress Application to change specs or would have to close
      Cypress to change between e2e testing and component testing. This was a
      fragmented experience.
    - Now, when you can launch Cypress in open mode you will be asked which
      testing type you would like to test, E2E or component testing. Once you
      select the testing type, you select the browser you want to test in and
      the browser will open to show the list of specs available to run for that
      project and testing type. Switching between specs happened within the
      browser, giving a better development experience all in one place. To
      switch between specs, instead of closing and re-launching Cypress, you can
      simply switch testing types and re-launch the browser to test in.

  - Project Setup Flows

    - Cypress now provides project step flows for both end-to-end and component
      testing to provide quick Cypress setup. These flows replace the
      boilerplate, auto-scaffolding that occurred in <10.0 when a Cypress
      configuration file was not detected in the project root. These flow share
      information on the files generated by Cypress, why they are important and
      gives users the opportunities to select the setup configuration that fit
      their project's needs.

  - Project Migration

    - Cypress 10.0 had quite a few configuration changes to clarify what
      configurations were leveraged by each testing type. To assist with
      updating to Cypress 10.0, when Cypress detected you have a cypress.json
      file in your project, it will guide you through the project migration flow
      to ensure your project works as expected with the new and changed
      configuration options. There is a migration flow for both end-to-end
      testing and for component testing and you will be guided through each
      separately, if previously configured, to ensure your configuration aligns
      with the new, removed and changed options.

- In-Browser Test Runner:

  - Ability to change browsers from within the in-browser component-specific
    test runner.
  - Ability to view the specs list while running tests (i.e. spec panel)
  - Support was added to change tests from within the browser test-runner. This
    change improves the performance from switching between tests because the
    setupNodeEvents and the component-testing's devServer processes will already
    be running which reduced the re-start time between tests.
  - GitHub Source Control Management support was added to provide the user with
    the current project details. Addressed in
    [#20648](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20648),
    [#21139](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21139),
    [#21436](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21436) and
    [#20744](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20744)
    <!-- - The Git branch is included in the launchpad header to provide insights into what branch the user is testing against. -->
    <!-- - The spec list shown in Cypress open mode now shows the github history next to the spec to provide details on when and who last touched a spec file. -->
  - The spec generation experience has been improve to provide an ready-to-run
    test example. When opting to generate a new spec, you project's language is
    detected to provide the correct file extension and the specPattern is
    visible to ensure the spec name meets the expected specPattern and will be
    picked up by Cypress. Once you have created the spec, you will be providing
    with a preview of the spec that was generated with the option to immediately
    run the spec or create another. Addressed in
    [#21225](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21225),
    [#20567](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20567),
    [#20657](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20657),
    [#20962](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20962).
  - When a component testing spec is generated, a documentation banner is
    displayed to give users a quick link to the component-testing documentation.
    Addressed in [#20434](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20434).

**Bugfixes:**

- Improvements were made to the error message in the scenario when a user would
  attempting to add a new command using `Cypress.Commands.add()` that has the
  same name as an internal function reserved by Cypress. The improved error
  message explains why the command name must be changed where previously a Type
  Error was thrown without relevant information. Addresses
  [#6146](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/6146).

- Removed the one pixel left, vertical border that was incorrectly included on
  screenshot artifacts generated from the `cy.screenshot()` command. Addressed
  in [#21019](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21019).

- Changes were made in `run` mode to launch the browser once per run for Chrome,
  Chromium and Firebox browsers by opening and closing the browser tabs between
  spec execution. This fixed a memory leak and reduces the overall time it take
  to run a set of specs. With this change, the `before:browser:launch` node
  event will now only fire once per run, instead of firing before each spec.
  Addressed in [#19915](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/19915).

- The default webpack configuration's host value was changed from `localhost` to
  `127.0.0.1` to support the Node 17+ changes with how DNS names are resolved.
  Addressed in [#21430](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21430).

<!-- - Fixed
  global mode from the command line passing a testing type no longer crashes. It
  does not actually persist this parameter after selecting a project <-- 9.x
  cypress open-ct --global is broken, but cypress open --global works [#21035](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21035) -->

**Deprecations:**

- The `cypress open-ct` and `cypress run-ct` commands have been deprecated. Use
  `cypress open --component` and `cypress run --component` instead. Addresses
  [#18418](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/18418).

**Dependencies:**

**Misc:**

With the new unified experience, there are a few changes and additions in
terminology you may be familiar with.

- Cypress App: Cypress 10 includes first-class support for component testing.
  This means that in addition to the end-to-end test runner that developers know
  and love, we have a new test runner for testing components. Users can switch
  between test runners using the launchpad when running `cypress open`. Because
  of this, we are dropping “Test Runner” as the official name of our OSS app and
  will now call our product either Cypress or the Cypress app.
- Launchpad: When using `cypress open`, the Launchpad displays the project list
  (in global mode) or testing types (in project mode) that the user can select
  to run tests for.
- Cypress Dashboard: The Cypress Dashboard Service is the web-based companion to
  the Cypress app. Within the App, this served was being referenced as the
  Cypress Cloud and changes have been made to align the terminology to the
  Dashboard service. [#20369](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20369)
- Plugins: The Plugins concept in Cypress still exists with the intent to tap
  into, modify or extend the internal behavior(s) of Cypress. It however is
  expected to be used in conjunction with our new `setupNodesEvents`
  configuration option, which was named to reflect that Plugins leverage
  Cypress's node events.

h2. Raw Notes

## Starting Again 5/11/2022

## User Facing - New Information

[#21432](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21432)

- automatically detect and add bundler config to cypress.config.js when
  configuring component testing.
- attempt to detect {webpack|vite}.config.js in common locations if required
  (eg, when using a library w/o an adapter like CRA, Next.js, etc)
- if we find the config, automatically add it to the generated cypress.config.js
- if not, add a comment asking the user to add it

[#21458](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21458) Summary: Support
migrating multiple projects in global mode.

[#21411](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21411) ---> equal to 9.x
behavior? scaffold the a component spec in cypress/component/\*.js by default

[#21422](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21422) ---> equal to 9.x
behavior? Provide instruction on how to record your first run to the Cypress
Dashboard

[#21370](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21370)---> equal to 9.x
behavior? The runs tab will refresh with the latest runs & updates to any
"running" rows in an interval, currently every 15 seconds.

[#21293](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21293) ---> equal to 9.x
behavior? Hide the matches count on the spec creation modal

[#21452](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21452) Display full browser

<!-- info on project settings instead of just the name. - 9.x parity -->

## User Facing - Fixes for New Features 10.0 Introduces

[#21467](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21467)

- Updates terminal error for non migrated projects to have the correct value of
  possible config files and includes a link to the migration guide.
- Also, updated all cypress.config.{ts|js} for cypress.config.{js,ts,mjs,cjs}

Launchpad - Testing Types Page

-

Launchpad - Load Config

- [#21176](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21176)- fix: When the app
  is in an error state, and the user clicks "Try again" and the result is
  another error, the new error is now displayed instead of getting stuck in the
  initialization state.
- [#21160](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21160) - update app /
  resolved config when user changes config in their configuration file.

- [#20853](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20853) The config errors
  now contain the exact testing type user should place the specPattern and
  excludeSpecPattern in depending on which testing type was being loaded

Dashboard Runs Page [#21337](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21337) -
clear remote data when user logs out
[#21282](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21282) - record icon
[#21154](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21154) - verify user is a
member of the Cypress project before showing Dashboard data

# Migration

- [#21344](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21344) add custom
  specPattern if user opt out renaming spec ext
- [#21442](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21442) When the plugins
  file for migration, had an incorrect path or an error, we were not handling
  correctly the errors and it was affecting the main process, with this change
  we handle the child process error without affecting the Cypress process
- [#21467](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21467) (run mode?) Updates
  terminal error for non migrated projects to have the correct value of possible
  config files and includes a link to the migration guide.

- [#21255](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21255) Gracefully fail
  with error when Cypress 10+ is launched in global mode and the user tried to
  open and migrating a project with Cypress 9 installed with the project's
  package.json. ((It's possible to launch Cypress 10 in global mode with the
  --global flag. If the user then attempts to migrate a Cypress 9 project using
  the globally launched Cypress 10, we will generate Cypress 10 APIs
  (cypress.config.js, etc). If they later try to launch their Cypress 9 project,
  using it's locally installed Cypress 9, it will fail, since it will be
  expecting things like cypress.json, not cypress.config.js.))
- [#21193](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21193)Do not migrate the
  user's spec to use `.cy.` pre-extension if the project has a Cypress Dashboard
  projectId in the config and add a custom specPattern in the config file. The
  reason behind this change is to keep the spec history on the cloud.

- [#21195](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21195) Correctly
  migrations custom testFiles and componentFolder to specPattern API, even if
  project has no specs. Also improves indentation, since we don't bundle
  prettier anymore, by using @babel/generator instead, which is smaller
  bundlephobia.

- [#21054](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21054) When we were
  migrating the specs, we were removing the non spec files on the integration
  folder. So, after moving the spec files, we want to copy, the remaining files
  on the integration folder into the e2e folder
- [#20770](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20770) Migration of
  pluginFiles with ENVs set
- [#20755](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20755) support migration
  of cjsx extensions
- [#20521](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20521) handle migration of
  alter config values returned from pluginFiles and how it should translate to
  setupNodeEvent
- [#20652](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20652) handle migrating
  specs with numbers in path
- [#20509](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20509) migrate project
  settings config in plugin settings

- [#20470](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20470) run migration when
  --config-file flag is set
- [#20383](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20383) support migrating
  to plugin files with export default
- [#20516](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20516) migration
  supportFile

- [#20294](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20294) support migrating
  coffeescript in migration

Migration / Setup - Language Detection

- [#21220](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21220) better language
  detection in migration/setup workflow
- [#21323](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21323)Projects that don't
  use typescript and have a type of module will now have their cypress.config.js
  file properly scaffolded
- [#21227](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21227) prettier in
  migration changes
- [#21152](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21152) merge config when
  setting up 2nd testing type

- [#211550](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/211550) UI for scaffolded
  files in setup
- [#21121](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21121) When a user was
  selecting not to rename the spec (only the folder) we were still highlighting
  the extension o the spec as it was gonna be changed

- [#20893](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20893) ct framework setup
  (latest decisioins)
- [#20398](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20398) scaffolds
  support/commands file
- [#20454](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20454) move testing files
  in migration
- [#20002](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20002) detect frameworks
  and dependencies to suggest correct component testing setup

Component Testing Setup -

- [#21111](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21111) - add alpha labels
  to next.js framework and
  [#21229](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21229) Added alpha support
  for `next` and `nuxt` frameworks.
- [](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21235) success banner if all
  required dependencies have been installed

LaunchPad - Dashboard Login

- [#21234](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21234) - Fixes a bug where
  Cypress would crash if a user tried to log in before selecting a project in
  interactive mode.

LaunchPad - Header

- [#21325](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21325) - UI updates
  <!-- - [#20648](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20648) BreadCrumbs to show -->
    <!-- project's current git branch and project name should link back to testing type
    selection screen -->

Launchpad - Switch Testing Types
[#21371](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21371) - only launch browser
when testing type is configured

Cypress App - Generate Spec

- [#21225](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21225) - Provide spec
  preview when generation is successful
- [#20567](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20567) - spec file
  extension
- [#20657](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20657) and
  [#20962](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20962) update watchers to
  handle when specs are added or removed and display in reporter
- [#20434](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20434) doc alert banner
  after creating component spec

Cypress App - Test runs

- [#21087](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21087) Users can now
  execute a test in open mode, go back to the specs page, add a new test, and
  run that newly added test without error
- [#20546](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20546) login
  cancellation - NO DOC needed

Cypress App - In App Resolved Config

- [#21190](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21190) - Sort config in
  ABC order
- [#21057](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21057) config presidence
  is followed

Cypress App - In-test Viewport information:
[#21352](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21352) - info message

Cypress App - Error handling

- [#21157](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21157) Ensure errors are
  displayed in both the app and launch pad so errors are visible regardless of
  the window users are viewing.
  - baseError state will be surfaced in the app now, as well as the launchpad
  - a loading spinner will appear when the config has been saved and is
    reloading, or the config has been reloaded manually with the "try again"
    button from the error state.
- [#21003](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21003) display correct
  error location

Test Runner - Test selected

- [#21103](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21103) - UI- spec panel
  closed by default
- [#20499](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/20499) redirect to home
  page if spec is removed/not found

Reporter / AUT Sizing

- [#21254](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21254)

`after:screenshot` - video / screenshot naming:
https://cypressio.slack.com/archives/C01TQQCQLJY/p1652819962010649

- [#21169](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21169) throw error when
  invalid plugin is used

Snapshots

- [#21122 ](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21122) highlight text
  clibable to toggle dom snapshot <-- 9.x?

here's a type up, going to create a Jira issue to ensure we track this work We
will continue to release the same packages we released before. Our documentation
shows using custom functions that import `@cypress/webpack-dev-server` so we
will need to continue to publish them (same for `@cypress/vite-dev-server`) We
are releasing a new package called `@cypress/vue2`. This was previously released
under the `@cypress/vue@2` tag, but we split this package out. Packages +
versions:

- @cypress/mount-utils: 2.0.0
- @cypress/react: 6.0.0
- @cypress/vue: 4.0.0
- @cypress/vue2: 1.0.0 (New Package)
- @cypress/webpack-dev-server: 2.0.0
- @cypress/vite-dev-server: 3.0.0 Since we added a breaking change to
  `@cypress/mount-utils`, this necessitates a breaking change for all mount
  libraries. These packages are only released on `master`. If there is
  automation for merging `develop` into `master` then we should put in
  safeguards to prevent prematurely publishing these packages. We should
  coordinate the official release of 10.0 with a corresponding semver release of
  these packages. To facilitate the breaking changes, we will need to push a
  commit to these packages with `BREAKING CHANGE` in the footer of the commit
  message for our semver to properly publish the new versions. Since we have new
  packages we are publishing and we did a drastic overhaul of the dev-servers,
  we should ensure that these packages are properly configured so as to
  facilitate their publish when we merge develop into master, or if we push a
  commit that enables their publishing if they are disabled. Maybe we just
  manually publish these... Since we are bundling these packages in the binary,
  any breaking changes will result in a breaking change for Cypress. We should
  ensure that our current system for handling breaking changes works when we
  make breaking changes to the packages located in `npm`. Probably doesn't need
  to be figured out now but just wanted to note this.
