## 9.6.0

_Released 4/25/2022_

**Experiments:**

- The Sessions beta feature has been enhanced by the new beta feature which
  enables Multi-Origin support. To reflect the intent of using these experiments
  together, the `experimentalSessionSupport` configuration option has been
  replaced by the `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` configuration option. The
  behaviors and usage of the `cy.session()` command has not been changed. Please
  update your configuration to use the new `experimentalSessionAndOrigin` option
  to continue to opt-in to this beta feature.

**Features:**

- We are excited to announce a new beta feature to enable Multi-Origin support.
  This feature allows a user to visit multiple domains of different origins
  within a single test. This enhances the current test experience which limits a
  user to only run assertions against a single origin in a test due to standard
  web security features of the browser. This experiment was designed to work
  side-by-wide with the Sessions beta feature. For more details, see [our blog
  post] (TO DO). Addressed
  [#17336](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/17336) and
  [#944](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/944) -- TO DO.
  - Added a new configuration option called `experimentalSessionAndOrigin`. This
    options enabled both Session support and Multi-Origin support.
  - Added a new Cypress command, called `cy.origin()`, which enables running
    commands within multiple origins from a single test.
  - When enabled, cross-origin requests will no longer immediately fail, but
    instead use the `pageLoadTimeout` configuration as the timeout value. This
    allows the request to be appropriately handled by the `cy.origin()` command
    and if it is not handled, it's assumed it was an unexpected request that
    should fail.
  - When enabled, tests will no longer wait for the page to load before starting
    the next tests.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue with Firefox 98+ where the Enter keystroke was not being sent
  to an input element when using `.type('{enter})`. Fixed
  [#21033](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21033).
- When Cypress is interrupted by the user while tests are running, Cypress was
  incorrectly reporting an error message that indicate a plugin crashed. Updates
  were make to verify if the interruption was signaled by the user or if it
  indeed came from an error in a plugin before showing error message. Fixed
  [#21010](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21010).
- Improved the error message observed on Windows platforms when unzipping the
  Cypress binary and the max file length is exceeded. The error now include a
  link to the mitigation steps a user can take to enable long paths on the
  system which should allow for a successful install. Fixed in
  [#21047](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/21047).
- Updated the `Cypress.Commands.add()` TypeScript types to better reflect the
  attributes of the `.add()` utility and the JQuery element, a possible previous
  subject type. [#20376](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/20376).

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `electron` dependency from `15.3.5` to `15.5.1` to consume fixes
  related to
  [improve performance](https://github.com/electron/electron/pull/33406) on
  macOS Big Sur and later. Addressed
  [#21068](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/21068).
