# 0.17.1

*Released 08/31/2016*

**Features:**

- You can now pass keyboard modifiers such as `ctrl`, `cmd`, `shift`, and `alt` to {% url `.type()` type %}. In addition we've added support for not "releasing" these keys so they can affect other actions such as {% url `.click()` click %}. Addresses {% issue 196 '#196' %}.
- You can now type into the `<body>` or `document` as opposed to previously *having* to target a valid focusable element. This is useful in situations where you're testing keyboard shortcuts and do not want to target a specific element. Addresses {% issue 150 '#150' %}.
- There is a new command {% url `cy.readFile()` readfile %} that reads files on your file system and changes the subject to the contents. Addresses {% issue 179 '#179' %}.
- There is a new command {% url `cy.writeFile()` writefile %} that creates and/or writes contents to files on your file system. Addresses {% issue 179 '#179' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- {% url `defaultCommandTimeout` configuration#Timeouts %} now works correctly. The driver was still referencing the old `commandTimeout` value.
- The `__cypress.initial` cookie should now be removed during any {% url `cy.visit()` visit %}, which should fix some edge cases with the proxy accidentally injecting content when it shouldn't. We also added a ton more e2e tests covering these edge cases and other behavior.
- The proxy now restricts its injection to only `Content-Type: text/html` headers so it will not accidentally inject into the wrong responses.

**Misc:**

- All {% url `cy.fixture()` fixture %} extensions are now supported and Cypress will no longer throw on extensions it doesn't recognize. For known fixture extensions we'll continue to apply a default `encoding` and for everything else it will default to `utf8`. Fixes {% issue 200 '#200' %}.
- {% url `cy.fixture()` fixture %} now accepts `encoding` as a 2nd optional argument.
- We now display a keyboard 'modifiers' column when clicking on a {% url `.type()` type %} in the Command Log.

