# 1.2.0

*Released 12/14/2017*

**Features:**

- Plugins can now return a `Promise` and modify the yielded `config` to set new configuration values and environment variables. Fixes {% issue 1042 %} and {% issue 909 %} and {% issue 576 %}.
- There is a new {% url "`userAgent`" configuration#Browser %} option in `cypress.json`. This enables you to change the `userAgent` of the browser for the entire browsing session. Fixes {% issue 364 %}.
- There is a new {% url "`blacklistHosts`" configuration#Browser %} option in `cypress.json` that allows you to block requests made to those hosts. Blocked requests will respond with a `503` status code. This is useful for blocking 3rd party domains like Google Analytics. We have added a {% url "new 'Stubbing Google Analytics' recipe" recipes#Stubbing-and-spying %} demonstrating this. Fixes {% issue 442 %}.
- Added chai assertions in TypeScript to generate autocompletion. Fixes {% issue 1073 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Updated TypeScript definitions to more accurately match the current Cypress API. Fixes {% issue 1050 %}. Also note that if you were extending Cypress in TypeScript the `Chainer` interface changed. Please read {% issue '1048#issuecomment-351891910' %} to understand what you will need to update.

**Misc:**

- Renamed `environmentVariables` to `env` in the Desktop GUI. Fixes {% issue 1052 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.config()`" configuration#Cypress-config %} now returns a complete set of configuration values. Fixes {% issue 509 %}.
- Added TypeScript typings for bundled Cypress tools like `$`, `_`, etc. Fixes {% issue 1046 %}.
- Some error messages were made more passive. Fixes {% issue 1025 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- {% url 'Added `Configuration API`' configuration-api %}
- {% url 'Added `Recipes`' recipes %}
- {% url 'Updated `Configuration`' configuration %}
- {% url 'Updated `Environment Variables`' environment-variables %}
- {% url 'Updated `Using Cypress FAQ`' using-cypress-faq %}
- {% url 'Updated `Plugins Guide`' plugins-guide %}
- {% url 'Updated `Writing a Plugin API`' writing-a-plugin %}

