# 3.4.1

*Released 7/29/2019*

**Dashboard Features:**

- We’re excited to announce {% url "GitHub integration" github-integration %} for the {% url "Cypress Dashboard" https://on.cypress.io/dashboard %}. You can now get timely and useful test run information within pull-requests via status checks and pull-request comments. Learn all about it on {% url "our blog" https://www.cypress.io/blog/2019/07/29/github-integration-for-the-cypress-dashboard/ %}. Addresses {% issue 981 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a bug where the content of pages using non-UTF-8 character encoding would become corrupted when opened in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 3479 %}, {% issue 1543 %}, and {% issue 3650 %}.
- Fixed a regression introduced in {% url "3.4.0" changelog#3-4-0 %} that caused an error to be thrown when chaining together multiple assertions using the `and` chainable getter. Fixes {% issue 4833 %}.
- The `include` and `includes` assertion chainers now correctly work the same as `contain` and `contains` assertion chainers. Fixes {% issue 4833 %}.
- Cypress now correctly works offline on Windows when visiting a localhost URL. Fixes {% issue 4763 %}.
- {% url "`cy.type()`" type %} now factors in the `readonly` property of `<input />` elements, and will wait for this property to be `false` before attempting to type. Fixes {% issue 1246 %}.
- Variables beginning with `top` and `location` in your application code are no longer modified when `modifyObstructiveCode` is `true`. Fixes {% issue 4794 %}.
- We removed erroneous socket connections when the browser is initially launching. Fixes {% issue 4776 %}.
- Fixed a bug when dismissing pinned snapshots that would cause the page to be wiped with nothing rendered. Fixes {% issue 4864 %}.
- We upgraded the `mocha-teamcity-reporter` dependency so that it no longer errors in certain situations when trying to access duration on tests. Fixes {% issue 4654 %}.
- We upgraded the `lodash` dependency to fix a security vulnerability warning. Fixes {% issue 4699 %}, {% issue 4730 %}, {% issue 4743 %}.

**Misc:**

- We now ensure we are shipping with production versions of dependencies such as `react`, `mobx`, etc. This should help to prevent conflicts with Developer Tools extensions and increase performance by reducing memory, heap allocation, and overall JS bundle size. Addresses {% issue 4844 %}.
- Video recordings now wait after all tests finish to ensure that the video captures the final rendered frames of the browser. This prevents the last few paints from being cut off. Fixes {% issue 2370 %}.
- Cypress now looks for any npm proxy configuration values as a fallback when no other system proxy configuration is found. This brings this feature into parity with how npm reads off proxy configuration values during an `npm install`. Addresses {% issue 4719 %}.
- We updated the messaging when there is a failure downloading Cypress to recommend checking your proxy settings. Addresses {% issue 1662 %}.
- A warning message now displays if you attempt to run the Cypress binary directly instead of going through the cypress `npm` package. Addresses {% issue 1573 %}.
- There are newly added examples in the TypeScript definitions for {% url "custom commands" custom-commands %}, {% url "`cy.location()`" location %} and {% url "`.should()`" should %}. Addresses {% issue 3684 %} and {% issue 4715 %}.
- The types for the {% url "`cy.contains(content, options)`" contains %} syntax have been added. Addresses {% issue 4727 %}.
- Types for `cy.once()` have been added. Addressed in {% PR 4788 %}.
- There is now a `{ parseSpecialCharSequences: false }` option to {% url "`cy.type()`" type %} that disables parsing the special character sequences found between the `{}` characters. This will now type what you've provided literally without any special parsing. Fixes {% issue 4287 %}.
- You can now zoom in the main Test Runner window and also the Electron browser. Corresponding keyboard shortcuts for Zoom in, Zoom out and Actual Size are also available. Addresses {% issue 1231 %}.
- When viewing the Test Runner's main window at its smallest size, the header text no longer incorrectly wraps. Addresses {% issue 86 %}.
- We're continuing to make process in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 4781 %} and {% PR 4817 %}.
- We increased the cypress binary verification phase from 10 seconds to 30 seconds to accomodate underpowered or overwhelmed machines typically found in CI environments. Addresses {% issue 4624 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- We have new instructions on how to set up {% url "GitHub Integration" github-integration %} with the Cypress Dashboard.
- Updated instructions for adding types for custom commands in the {% url "TypeScript Support" typescript-support#Types-for-custom-commands %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1901" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1901 %}
- Added a section about video encoding and how to speed up the encoding time to {% url "Screenshots and Videos" screenshots-and-videos#Video-encoding %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1880" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1880 %}

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `@ffmpeg-installer/ffmpeg` from `1.0.17` to `1.0.19`. Addressed in {% PR 4792 %}.
- Upgraded `browserify` from `13.3.0` to `16.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4751 %}, {% PR 4825 %} and {% PR 4826 %}.
- Upgraded `data-uri-to-buffer` from `1.2.0` to `2.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4622 %}.
- Upgraded `duplexify` from `4.0.0` to `4.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4853 %}.
- Upgraded `graceful-fs` from `4.1.15` to `4.2.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4818 %}.
- Upgraded `lodash` from `4.17.11` to `4.17.15`. Addressed in {% PR 4684 %}, {% PR 4709 %}, {% PR 4784 %}.
- Upgraded `mocha-junit-reporter` from `1.23.0` to `1.23.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4785 %}.
- Upgraded `p-queue` from `1.2.0` to `6.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4750 %}.
- Upgraded `semver` from `6.0.0` to `6.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4797 %}.
- We also updated and removed some dependencies used for development.
