# 0.12.8

*Released 12/2/2015*

**Features:**

- There is now a new {% url 'Error Messages Page' error-messages %} which will provide additional explanation when you are getting errors from Cypress. These errors will be directly linked to (like how Angular provides errors).
- Instead of hard coding external documentation, we now link everything through a redirection portal. This will prevent any links / documentation from ever breaking due to reorganization or renaming.
- Cypress now throws a specific error message (with a link to further explanation) if you attempt to run commands outside of a test. Usually this happens accidentally when you write `cy.commands` inside of a `describe` or `context` block instead of the `it`. I've wasted too much time and almost bombed entire presentations / demos so I've finally stopped this from ever happening again. If you ever see this error message, trust me, you will forever thank me.
- The error message: `Cannot call cy.method() because the current subject has been removed or detached from the DOM.` has been rewritten to provide much clearer information on why this is happening, including a string representation of your DOM element. Additionally it will have its own error page dedicated to explaining how this happens and what you can do to prevent it.

**Misc:**

- Rewrote error message which is displayed when Cypress cannot parse your test / spec file. Now a list of suggestions are given and an external link is provided which further explains how this may happen.
- Clarified the "Default Message" page when you have not {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} your application yet.
- Ignored `.coffee`, `.scss`, `.less` XHR's from displaying in the Command Log.
