# 0.15.4

*Released 04/22/2016*

**Notes:**

- The docs have not yet been updated to reflect the changes to {% url `.its()` its %} and {% url `.invoke()` invoke %}.

**Breaking Changes:**

- You can no longer improperly use {% url `.its()` its %} and {% url `.invoke()` invoke %}. Using {% url `.invoke()` invoke %} on a non function property will result in an error that tells you how to write it properly using {% url `.its()` its %}.

**Features:**

- Our {% url "chat" https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress %} has now been directly integrated into Cypress's nav. Clicking on the `chat` icon will immediately display the current gitter chat log.
- Added a new link to Options dropdown in Desktop app for "Chat" that goes to our {% url "chat" https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress %}.
- {% url `.its()` its %} and {% url `.invoke()` invoke %} now support **dot separated** nested properties.
- Using {% url `.its()` its %} on a function will now allow you to access its properties instead of automatically calling a function. Fixes {% issue 122 '#122' %}.
- Error messages and command messages for {% url `.its()` its %} and {% url `.invoke()` invoke %} have been improved.
- Adding an attribute called `data-cypress-ignore` to an element will prevent the internal Cypress proxy from rewriting any of its content or attributes.

**Bugfixes:**

- During `cypress run`, windows created with `window.open` will no longer physically display. They are now correctly headless. Fixes {% issue 123 '#123' %}.
- The auto generated `example_spec.js` no longer errors on `cy.visit('app/index.html')` since that file would likely not locally exist.

**Misc:**

- Better error handling of unauthorized users attempting to login to Cypress with improved {% url 'Login documentation' installing-cypress %}.

