# 0.16.3

*Released 06/17/2016*

**Features:**

- {% url `cy.route()` route %} now accepts string glob patterns using {% url "minimatch" https://github.com/isaacs/minimatch %} under the hood. This means you can more easily route dynamic urls without using `regex`. Example: `cy.route('POST', '/users/*/comments', {})`.
- {% url `Cypress.minimatch` minimatch %}  is now exposed so you can easily test globbing patterns.
- {% url `.type()` type %} can now be used on non-input elements that have a `tabindex` attribute. Key events will fire but no text content will change and no input based events fire. Fixes {% issue 172 '#172' %}.
- There is now an {% url `ignoreTestFiles` configuration %} configuration option that accepts an array of `glob` patterns. This enables you to ignore extraneous spec files that may be created during a build process. The default pattern is `*.hot-update.js` which will ignore dynamically generated webpack hot module swapping files. Fixes {% issue 159 '#159' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a bug where Cypress could get into a weird state and continuously error due to the `before:log` event not being properly disposed. Fixes {% issue 173 '#173' %}.
- Fixed a bug where invalid UTF-8 characters were being set in XHR headers which caused XHR's to fail. We now properly encode and decode all values. Fixes {% issue 168 '#168' %}.
- Nested directories under `cypress/support` no longer cause a `500` when tests run. This was due to Cypress not ignoring directories and trying to serve them as regular files. Fixes {% issue 163 '#163' %}.
- Fixed situations where 3rd party libraries (such as {% url "New Relic" https://newrelic.com/ %} were instrumenting XHR's identical to Cypress' implementation. This caused an infinite loop which would crash the browser. We've updated how we instrument XHR's to take this into account and deployed multiple fallbacks and strategies to prevent this kind of thing from happening in the future. Fixes {% issue 166 '#166' %}.

**Misc:**

- {% url `Cypress.Server.defaults()` cypress-server %} now accepts a `urlMatchingOptions` option for passing options to {% url "minimatch" https://github.com/isaacs/minimatch %}.
- {% url '`cypress run`' command-line#cypress-run %} now exits with the number of test failures instead of always exiting with 0. This matches the same way `cypress ci` works. Fixes {% issue 167 '#167' %}.
- In the {% url 'Cypress CLI tool' command-line %} package version `0.11.1`, you can now pass the `--spec` option to `cypress ci`. This enables you to run a specific spec file as opposed to all tests. Fixes {% issue 161 '#161' %}.

