# 0.18.1

*Released 12/11/2016*

**Notes:**

- There is a new {% url "recipe showcasing these new features" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-recipes %}.
- We are adding several other recipes to show examples of all the ways you can use {% url `cy.request()` request %} to improve your tests.

**Features:**

- {% url `cy.request()` request %} can now have its automatic redirect following turned off by passing `{followRedirect: false}`. Fixes {% issue 308 '#308' %}.
- {% url `cy.request()` request %} now has a `qs` option that automatically appends query params to the `url` property. Fixes {% issue 321 '#321' %}.
- {% url `cy.request()` request %} now follows redirects exactly like a real browser. Previously if you `POST`ed to an endpoint and it redirected to a `GET` then {% url `cy.request()` request %} would not follow it due to the `method` changing. It now follows method changing redirects by default. Fixes {% issue 322 '#322' %}.
- {% url `cy.request()` request %} now accepts the `form` option which will convert the `body` values to urlencoded content and automatically set the `x-www-form-urlencoded` header. This means you can now use {% url `cy.request()` request %} to bypass your UI and login with standard form values. Fixes {% issue 319 '#319' %}.
- When {% url `cy.request()` request %} fails, it now outputs the full request / response information. This behaves more similar to {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} failures. Fixes {% issue 324 '#324' %}.
- {% url `cy.request()` request %} now prints **all** of the underlying HTTP request / response information into the Dev Tools' console (when clicking on the Command Log). This means that you will see everything you would normally see from the `Network` tab as if the request were made from the browser. We even print redirect information. Fixes {% issue 325 '#325' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Cypress' internal `babel` will no longer attempt to load your project's `.babelrc`. This helps avoid potential version conflicts. Fixes {% issue 312 '#312' %}.
- We no longer watch the `supportFile` while running `cypress run`. Fixes {% issue 329 '#329' %}.
- `watchForFileChanges` is now correctly respected in regards to watching all files, including the `supportFile`. Fixes {% issue 336 '#336' %}.
- There is no longer an error when scaffolding a new Cypress project. Fixes {% issue 326 '#326' %}.
- The Runner UI no longer appears to be "running" when there is a spec bundle error in the `supportFile`.
- Cypress now correctly exits during `cypress run` in `linux` when the browser fails to connect. Fixes {% issue 333 '#333' %}.
- Cypress now correctly exits during `cypress run` in `linux` when there is a spec bundle error. Fixes {% issue 337 '#337' %}.
- Cypress now retries up to 3 times for the browser to connect during `cypress run`. The warning / error messages were also updated to be clearer. Partially addresses {% issue 334 '#334' %}.

**Misc:**

- Deprecated `failOnStatus` property for {% url `cy.request()` request %} and renamed to `failOnStatusCode`. Fixes {% issue 323 '#323' %}.
- Removed the `cookies` option from {% url `cy.request()` request %} because cookies are now *always* get/set on requests. This option really never made any sense to have. Fixes {% issue 320 '#320' %}.
- Better data reporting when recording builds in CI.
- We now collect "global" errors that may prevent any tests from running. We will be displaying these in our future CI platform.

