# 0.19.1

*Released 03/09/2017*

**Features:**

- Added `Cypress.version` property. Fixes {% issue 404 '#404' %}.
- Selecting `<option>` inside `<optgroup>` now works with {% url `.select()` select %}. Fixes {% issue 367 '#367' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- `EMFILE` errors have been fixed. These were being caused due to `ulimit` being too low on your OS. This should fix the file watching problems people were having. Essentially we just replaced `fs` with `graceful-fs` and crossed our fingers this works. (It did on our machines). Fixes {% issue 369 '#369' %}.
- Now you can select the error text in the GUI. Fixes {% issue 344 '#344' %}.
- Cypress now correctly re-bundles files even when `watchForFileChanges` is set to `false`. Fixes {% issue 446 '#446' %} and {% issue 347 '#347' %}.
- Fixed file watching when changing the `integrationFolder` to something other than the default value. Fixes {% issue 438 '#438' %}.
- {% url `.select()` select %} now works on options that have the same value. Fixes {% issue 441 '#441' %}.
- Cypress no longer crashes when you click links in the on-boarding screen called "To help you get started...". Fixes {% issue 227 '#227' %}.
- The `example_spec.js` file that gets seeded on a new project no longer fails on {% url `cy.readFile()` readfile %}. Fixes {% issue 414 '#414' %}.

**Misc:**

- We now preserve the Test Runner's position and sizing after it's closed + reopened. Fixes {% issue 443 '#443' %}.
- We now ignore watching `node_modules`, `bower_components` and a few other folders to reduce the number of watched files. Fixes {% issue 437 '#437' %}.

