# 0.20.0

*Released 09/10/2017*

**Summary:**

- `0.20.0` is our biggest technical release ever. It accounts for more than 2,000 commits. It's full of breaking changes we wanted to land prior to having our public `1.0.0` release.
- You can now {% url "install Cypress as a real `npm` module" installing-cypress %}, and even `require` it in your node files.
- We rewrote the entire driver (we've all been there) and converted all 2,500+ tests to be run within Cypress itself.

**CLI Changes:**

- You now use `npm` to manage Cypress versions like every other dev dependency.
- Running `npm install --save-dev cypress` will automatically download the CLI + binary.
- There is no longer a separate `cypress install` step, but this command still exists if you want to **reinstall** the binary for whatever reason.
- No need to use `cypress-cli` anymore to manage Cypress versions. **You will need to uninstall the `cypress-cli` by running `npm uninstall -g cypress-cli`**.
- The {% url "`cypress` module can be `required`" module-api %} in your own node projects to programmatically control Cypress the same way you would from the command line.
- We've updated the installation experience to account for running locally and in CI so it doesn't generate a ton of logs in `stdout`.
- The `CYPRESS_VERSION` environment variable is gone because now the version of the binary is controlled by the npm module version. If for some reason you want to download the binary of a different version you can use the new `CYPRESS_BINARY_VERSION` environment variable - but you'll get a warning message when the versions don't match.
- If you install cypress globally using `npm install -g cypress` we will warn you that you should check this in as a `devDependency` but Cypress will continue to work in "global mode".
- Cypress now verifies it can run on your system prior to actually running. It'll do this for each new version the first time you try to use it. Errors it receives from attempting to run will bubble up nicely, so you'll get output for things like {% url "missing linux dependencies" continuous-integration#Dependencies %} instead of absolutely *nothing* like before.
- We have better error handling and messaging around Xvfb failures.
- There is a new {% url "`--browser` option" command-line#cypress-run %} that lets you change the browser that runs from the command line. This works the same way as changing the browser in the GUI, with the exception that any browser other than the default `electron` browser will **not** record a video. This is solvable but requires more work.
- Whenever you encounter errors in the CLI we'll output helpful debugging information at the bottom of each error.
- You can use the new environment variable {% url "`DEBUG=cypress:cli`" command-line#Debugging-commands %} to see debugging output from the CLI.

**Breaking Changes:**

- We've removed the undocumented `cy.chain()` command. You should be able to safely remove this from your code. Fixes {% issue 456 %}.
- Updated {% url "`Cypress._`" _ %} to use {% url "lodash" https://lodash.com %} instead of {% url "Underscore" http://underscorejs.org %}. Fixes {% issue 548 %}.
- If any of an element's parent's overflow is 'hidden', we now calculate if the element is outside of the boundaries of that parent element and validate visibility assertions accordingly. This may cause some tests that were previously passing to now accurately fail. Fixes {% issue 410 %}.
- {% url `.select()` select %} should now look for the trimmed value inside of an `<option></option>`. This may change the content argument required to select the option you intended in your {% url `.select()` select %} command. Fixes {% issue 175 %}.
- When passing the option `{ force: true }` to {% url `.click()` click %} and {% url `.type()` type %}, we no longer attempt to scroll the element into view. We've also disabled the check that the element is in view before clicking or typing. Fixes {% issue 553 %} and {% issue 537 %}.
- `Cypress.Dom` has been renamed to `Cypress.dom`.
- `Cypress.Log.command` has been renamed to {% url "`Cypress.log`" cypress-log %}.
- {% url "`chai-jQuery` assertions" assertions#Chai-jQuery %} no longer change the subject when using `prop`, `attr`, and `css` with the **3rd** argument (which acts as equality check). Fixes {% issue 605 %}.
- We now throw when a value other than `cy` is returned from a test or command function. Fixes {% issue 463 %}.
- Returning a promise in a custom command while also invoking cy commands now throws. Fixes {% issue 435 %}.
- {% url "`cy.then()`" then %} will now only pass its subject through when its callback function returns `undefined`. Previous it would pass the subject on `null` values as well.
- {% url "`cy.contains()`" contains %} can no longer be chained on subjects which aren't `window`, `document` or `element`. This brings it into parity with the new custom command rules and makes it much less "magical". It enforces you to use it in a much clearer way when querying the entire document.
- Removed `Cypress.addParentCommand()`, `Cypress.addChildCommand()`, and `Cypress.addDualCommand()` in favor of the {% url "new custom command interface" custom-commands %}.

**Features:**

- {% url "`chai-jQuery` assertions" assertions#Chai-jQuery %} have improved error messaging, and have had their internal double assertions removed, and can now be made on raw DOM objects. Fixes {% issue 605 %}.
- {% url "`chai-jQuery` assertions" assertions#Chai-jQuery %} now throw a nice error message when you're asserting on a non DOM object. Fixes {% issue 604 %}.
- New {% url "`.trigger()`" trigger %} command. Useful for triggering arbitrary events. Fixes {% issue 406 %}.
- New {% url "`cy.scrollTo()`" scrollto %} command. Useful for having a container scroll to a specific position. Fixes {% issue 497 %} & {% issue 313 %}.
- New {% url "`.scrollIntoView()`" scrollintoview %} command. Useful for scrolling an element into view. Fixes {% issue 498 %} & {% issue 313 %} & {% issue 519 %}.
- Input ranges are now more easily testable using the new {% url "`.trigger()`" trigger %} command. See our {% url "new recipe" recipes#Form-Interactions %} for details on how. Fixes {% issue 287 %}.
- Testing drag and drop is now possible using the new {% url "`.trigger()`" trigger %} command. See our {% url "new recipe" recipes#Form-Interactions %} for details on how. Fixes {% issue 386 %}.
- Updated {% url "`.click()`" click %} command to accept more position arguments. Fixes {% issue 499 %}.
- Added support to {% url `.type()` type %} for inputs of type `date`, `time`, `month`, and `week`. Fixes {% issue 27 %}.
- You can now pass a browser option to {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} as `--browser <browser name>`. This enables you to run the same set of browsers when running from the CLI as when you're running from the GUI. Fixes {% issue 462 %} and {% issue 531 %}.
- {% url "`cypress open`" command-line#cypress-open %} no longer opens a detached process by default. Instead `cypress open` now accepts a new flag `--detached`, which replicates this behavior. Fixes {% issue 531 %}.
- We have all new {% url "docker examples" docker %} you can check out.
- The {% url "`cypress` npm package" https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress %} now checks the currently installed version on `install` and {% url "`run`" command-line#cypress-run %} and does not re-install Cypress if it is already installed. Fixes {% issue 396 %}.
- We've added a new {% url "`Cypress.Commands`" custom-commands %} interface to handle adding your own custom commands. Fixes {% issue 436 %}.
- You can now overwrite existing commands with {% url "`Cypress.Commands.overwrite`" custom-commands %}. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>
- We removed an artificial delay that was being set in between commands. This means test commands now run faster.
- You can now {% url "disable Cypress global exception handlers" catalog-of-events %} for your application. Fixes {% issue 254 %}
- Uncaught errors appearing in your spec files or support files are now properly caught, have the right exit code, and display correctly. Fixes {% issue 345 %}
- Cypress will now scroll past multiple elements that cover up an element to be interacted with. It also now factors in elements with `position: sticky`. Fixes {% issue 571 %} and {% issue 565 %}.
- Cypress now scrolls all parent containers (not just `window`) when attempting to {% url "check an element's actionability" interacting-with-elements#Actionability %}. Fixes {% issue 569 %}.
- Using {% url "Chai.js's `assert` interface" assertions#TDD-Assertions %}  now works correctly in your specs. <OPEN AN ISSUE>
- Screenshots are now taken during each runnable that fails. Errors in tests will happen there. Errors in hooks will also happen there. Previously a screenshot would only happen after everything (including hooks) ran. Fixes {% issue 394 %}
- {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} now synchronizes its state with the reporter. This means you should see error messages (on the left side) on automatic screenshot errors.
- Using mocha's async `done` callback now works properly.
- You can now programmatically {% url "intercept and potentially turn off uncaught application errors" catalog-of-events %} from failing your tests.
- You can now programmatically control whether you accept or cancel {% url "`window.confirm()`" catalog-of-events %} calls from your application.

**Dependencies:**

- Updated {% url "`Cypress.Promise`" promise %} (which is Bluebird) from version `2.9.25` to `3.5.0`
- Updated {% url "`chai`" bundled-tools#Chai %} from version `1.9.2` to `3.5.0`
- Updated {% url "`sinon`" bundled-tools#Sinon %} from version `1.x` to `3.2.0`
- Updated {% url "`jQuery`" $ %} from version `2.1.4` to `2.2.4`.
- Removed {% url "`chai-jQuery`" bundled-tools#Chai-jQuery %} and rewrote it from scratch.

**Deprecations:**

- The {% url "`cypress-cli` npm package" https://www.npmjs.com/package/cypress-cli %} has been deprecated. Fixes {% issue 316 %}.
- The interface for writing custom commands has been deprecated. {% url "Please read our docs on the new custom commands interface" custom-commands %}. Fixes {% issue 436 %} and {% issue 465 %}.
- There are no more global, in-app updates. Versioning should be primarily {% url "controlled via `npm`" installing-cypress %} like every other package / dependency in your project. For users not using `npm` you can manually download new versions of Cypress when they're released. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed busted internal timers that caused random timeouts, proxy errors, incorrect delays, and long pauses when loading the GUI. Fixes {% issue 572 %}.
- {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} now matches requests opened with lowercase methods. Fixes {% issue 607 %}.
- Fixed regression where multiple uses of {% url `cy.server()` server %} in a `before` hook was throwing an error. Fixes {% issue 80 %} and {% issue 510 %} and {% issue 595 %}.
- When editing `cypress.json` file, the dead browser page no longer appears. Fixes {% issue 492 %}.
- {% url `.type()` type %} should now work on inputs regardless of capitalization of `type` attribute. Fixes {% issue 550 %}.
- Fixed issues where {% url `.type()` type %} was not appending text properly. Fixes {% issue 503 %} and {% issue 568 %}.
- Fixed issue where {% url `.type()` type %} with `type="email"` inputs were throwing an error. Fixes {% issue 504 %}.
- Fixed issue where using {% url `.type()` type %} on an input with a `type` defined in uppercase (`input type="TEXT"`) would throw an error and not type. Fixes {% issue 550 %}.
- Fixed issue with {% url "`.clear()`" clear %} and `type="number"` inputs. Fixes {% issue 490 %}.
- Fixed issue where {% url `cy.exec()` exec %} was failing when running Cypress in docker. Fixes {% issue 517 %}.
- Cypress CLI no longer requires `git` to install. Fixes {% issue 124 %}
- Improved the reporter's responsive design so controls still show at narrower widths. Fixes {% issue 544 %}.
- Commands text will no long cut off into ellipses when the Command Log is set to a wider width. Fixes {% issue 528 %}.
- Fixed issue where setting `fixturesFolder` to `false` would throw an error. Fixes {% issue 450 %}.
- Fixed issue where Cypress hanged due to Xvfb permissions. More intuitive output is given during install failures. Fixes {% issue 330 %}.
- {% url "The checks used to determine an element's actionability" interacting-with-elements#Actionability %} are now run synchronously. This solves some circumstances where the element could have moved or otherwise change between the checks. Fixes {% issue 570 %}.
- Fixed issue where clipped elements with `overflow-y: hidden` were falsely passing as "visible". Fixes {% issue 563 %}.
- When using {% url `.select()` select %} on a select with multiple options with the same value, we now properly set `selectedIndex` and `selectedOptions` on the `select`. Fixes {% issue 554 %}.
- Fixed issue where changing any spec file (renaming, adding, deleting) would remove the highlighted styling of the currently active spec file in the Test Runner. Fixes {% issue 547 %}.
- We now get the absolute paths of styles to use when displaying snapshots. This will fix situations where some stylesheets were improperly referenced during the snapshot, so did not display styles correctly. Fixes {% issue 525 %}.
- Fixed issue where commands would retry and potentially exceed their timeout values during page transitions. Fixes {% issue 594 %}
- Fixed issue where server routes were lost after page load if not initiated by a {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} command. Fixes {% issue 177 %}
- Using mocha's `done` callback now works correctly. We've improved mocha's handling of uncaught exceptions and properly associate them to test failures. <OPEN AN ISSUE>
- {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} is now synchronized with the UI so that it does not resolve until the DOM has re-rendered using the dimensions.
- "outer assertions" now are correctly retried by previous commands. Fixes {% issue 543 %}.
- The example_spec from the {% url "kitchen-sink" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink %} will never accidentally be seeded when running {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} on a brand new project.

**Misc:**

- We now display a warning in the console when returning a promise from a test and also invoking a Promise or cy commands. Fixes {% issue 464 %}.
- Reduced the number of internal Cypress network requests in the "Network Panel" of Dev Tools. Fixes {% issue 606 %}.
- We've moved our entire codebase into one into a private "Monorepo". This is in anticipation for going open source (making the GitHub repo public) and should make it easier for everyone to contribute to our code. Fixes {% issue 256 %}.
- When element's are not visible due to being covered by another element, the error message now says what element is covering what element. {% issue 611 %}
- Improved the calculations to calculate an elements visibility. Additionally updated error messages to be clearer whenever an element isn't considered visible. Fixes {% issue 613 %}
- The "Can't start server" error displayed in the Desktop-GUI no longer prevents you from interacting in the Desktop App. It now displays as a warning. Fixes {% issue 407 %}.
- {% url `cy.focused()` focused %} now automatically retries until the element exists in the DOM. This makes it behave the same as {% url "`cy.get()`" get %} Fixes {% issue 564 %} and {% issue 409 %}.
- We now support per-project `state.json`. Fixes {% issue 512 %}.
- We can now handle multiple projects per server. Fixes {% issue 512 %}.
- The Test Runner can now have projects added by being 'dragged' in. Fixes <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>.
- The Test Runner update window now has messaging about `package.json` versioning. Fixes {% issue 513 %}.
- The Test Runner now accounts for cypress being installed per project as npm module. Fixes {% issue 500 %} and {% issue 514 %}.
- {% url "`cypress install`" command-line %} `-d` option. Fixes {% issue 389 %}.
- Exposing Cypress Binary should no longer be necessary when cypress is locally installed. Fixes {% issue 379 %}.
- Added an 'App Data' option in the Desktop App that displays app data. Fixes {% issue 475 %}.
- When {% url `cy.spy()` spy %} or {% url `cy.stub()` stub %} are never called, the error now displays a clearer, grammatically correct error. Fixes {% issue 520 %}.
- Detection of installed browsers has been improved. Fixes {% issue 511 %}.
- When commands are clicked on and logged into the console from the Command Log, they now display their 'yield' instead of 'return', since they really yield instead of return. {% issue 612 %}
- The build process of the driver has been modernized. Fixes {% issue 429 %}.
- XHR's from your application are no longer forcefully aborted between tests. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>
- Better error handling when running commands outside of a test. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>
- URL changes from navigation events or hashchanges now display more accurately. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>
- {% url "`cy.go()`" go %} now snapshots before and after the navigation event. <OPEN A NEW ISSUE>
- Page load events no longer forcibly `null` out the current subject. This was very unexpected and difficult to debug. Now stale elements or other objects from previous pages are yielded to you.
- Using an array of the same alias in a {% url "`cy.wait()`" wait %} now yields you those XHR's in the order they were requested. Previously it was based on when the responses were returned.
- Returning `null` from a {% url "`.then()`" then %} will now change the subject to that. Previously returning `null` would not cause subject changes.
- We now no longer remove spies, stubs, or routes at the end of the very last test. This enables you to continue to manually use your app and have Cypress continue to instrument it.
- Updated a few things to more aggressively cause GC.
- Onboarding dialogs will never show up again once they are dismissed. Fixes {% issue 522 %}.
- `window.alert()` and `window.confirm()` now generate a page event in the Command Log (including the message).
- {% url `cy.spy()` spy %} and {% url `cy.stub()` stub %} now have a `.log(bool)` method to disable their calls from generating a Command Log. Useful when your spies or stubs are called an excessive number of times.
- Improved command subject validation error messages.
- Improved the element detachment error messages (when you try to interact with an element that's become stale / detached from the document).
- We finally have *partial* iframe support. You can at least now {% url "`cy.wrap()`" wrap %} iframe elements and interact with them using Cypress commands. More work needs to be done to "switch into" and back "out of" iframes. But we're getting there.
- Scaffolding new projects no longer generates a `default.js` file.
- Scaffolded `index.js` and `commands.js` have had their content updated to point to the custom commands API.
- You can now call {% url "`.focus()`" focus %} and {% url "`.blur()`" blur %} on {% url "`cy.window()`" window %}.
- The `CYPRESS_DEBUG` env option has been removed in favor of the `debug` module and {% url "`DEBUG=cypress:*`" command-line#Debugging-commands %} usage.
- Attempting to run {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} on a project without a `cypress.json` now errors instead of scaffolding and running the kitchen sink.

**Documentation Changes:**

Note: we are still updating all of the docs to reflect all the 0.20.0 changes.

- {% url 'New "Catalog of Events"' catalog-of-events %}
- {% url 'New "Cypress.Commands"' custom-commands %}
- {% url 'New "Cypress.log"' cypress-log %}
- {% url 'New ".trigger()"' trigger %}
- {% url 'New "cy.scrollTo()"' scrollto %}
- {% url 'New ".scrollIntoView()"' scrollintoview %}
- {% url 'Updated "Installing Cypress"' installing-cypress %}
- {% url 'Updated "Writing Your First Test"' writing-your-first-test %}
- {% url 'Updated "Testing Your App"' testing-your-app %}
- {% url 'Updated "Command Line"' command-line %}
- {% url 'Updated "Debugging"' debugging %}
- {% url 'Updated "Assertions"' assertions %}
- {% url 'Updated "Interacting with Elements"' interacting-with-elements %}

