# 0.8.0

*Released 06/26/2015*

**Summary:**

- {% url `.type()` type %} now implements all DOM events to simulate every aspect of typing on a real keyboard.
- All of the [type docs have been updated](/api/commands/type.html) to reflect these changes.

**Features:**

- {% url `.type()` type %} now outputs "Key Events Table" which is a `console.table` of every key typed, the `charCode`, all vents that fired, and whether any were `preventedDefault`.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now accepts the following special character sequences: `{selectall}`, `{del}`, `{backspace}`, `{esc}`, `{% raw %}{{{% endraw %}}`, `{enter}`, `{leftarrow}`, `{rightarrow}`.
- {% url `.type()` type %} implements `cursor` and `selection` and `range` accurately like a real keyboard.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now fires change events exactly like real browsers when `{enter}` is used.
- {% url `.type()` type %} will fire `textInput` and `input` events exactly like a real browser. Fixes {% issue 7 '#7' %}.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now follows all of the spec in regards to `preventingDefault` on any event that would insert a character such as `keydown`, `keypress`, `textInput`.
- {% url `.type()` type %} events should be `100%` identical to real browser `KeyboardEvents` including `charCode`, `which`, `keyCode`, `data`, etc.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now inserts a small delay `10ms` between each keystroke to simulate a real user typing.
- `input` events are now correctly fired when {% url `.select()` select %} chooses an `<option>`.
- `change` events are now fired exactly how a browser does (when an input loses focus and its value has changed since its last focus event). You'll see these fire after you use {% url `.blur()` blur %} directly, or use another `action command` on another element.

**Bugfixes:**

- Using {% url `.type()` type %} in an `input[type=number]` will no longer prepend the value. Fixes {% issue 26 '#26' %}.
- `[contenteditable]` elements can now be focused and blurred.
- `aborting` during {% url `.click()` click %} / {% url `.dblclick()` dblclick %} now correctly cancels remaining queued click/dblclick events.

**Misc:**

- `console.groups` are now collapsed by default.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now validates the chars and will throw on anything other than a string or finite number.
- {% url `.type()` type %} now throws on empty strings.
- Removed several libs that used to handle typing simulation and rewrote typing from scratch.

