# 1.1.3

*Released 12/3/2017*

**Bugfixes:**

- JSON fixtures with unicode escape sequences are now parsed correctly. Fixes {% issue 964 %}.
- The default `browserify` plugin no longer fires `watched:file:changed` twice leading to an uncaught exception that was popping up in the console. Also fixed a minor state bug in the `browserify` package. Fixes {% issue 968 %}.
- Cypress no longer reports `Electron` as the browser that ran in the Dashboard Service when a different browser was run. Fixes {% issue 854 %}.
- Invalid cookie values no longer crash Cypress. Fixes {% issue 962 %}.

**Misc:**

- We are now bundling our own `TypeScript` definitions with the `cypress` npm module. You no longer have to install `@types/cypress` anymore. We'll continue to keep these updated with API changes. Fixes {% issue 856 %}.
- Uncaught exceptions originating from **your** application code and/or test code are now **distinctly** and **clearly** indicated in the error message. We included a link to our docs to educate you on how you can optionally disable Cypress from catching these. Fixes {% issue 825 %}.
- {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} now accepts `{ failOnStatusCode: false }` which enables you to visit pages that respond with a non `2xx` status code. This brings it into parity with {% url "`cy.request()`" request %}. Fixes {% issue 421 %} and {% issue 574 %}.
- The contributing Readme's have been updated and improved for each package. Fixes {% issue 995 %}.
- Added utility methods {% url "`Cypress.platform`" platform %} and {% url "`Cypress.arch`" arch %} for returning the underlying OS information. Uses node's `os` module under the hood. Fixes {% issue 824 %} and {% issue 675 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- {% url 'Added `Cypress.version`' version %}
- {% url 'Added `Cypress.arch`' arch %}
- {% url 'Added `Cypress.platform`' platform %}

