# 3.0.2

*Released 6/28/2018*

**Bugfixes:**

- Screenshots taken with {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} on 2x DPI are now taken at the correct full size. Fixes {% issue 1857 %} and {% issue 2018 %}.
- Windows users no longer exit with `EPIPE` errors when running `cypress run` in newer versions of Node. Fixes {% issue 1841 %} and {% issue 2044 %}.
- Fixed issue where applications programmatically stealing focus would lead to slow runs in Electron when running via `cypress run`. {% issue 1909 %} and {% issue 1892 %}.
- Electron no longer reports the browser as out of focus when running via `cypress run`. Fixes {% issue 1939 %}.
- Modified the `document.hasFocus()` method to return `true` if the top window (Cypress window) is in focus. This should now correctly match how your application behaves outside of Cypress. Fixes {% issue 1940 %}.
- Fixed issue where Cypress would unnecessarily scroll when attempting to locate elements with `position: sticky`. Fixes {% issue 1475 %}.
- Fixed a bug where changing the {% url "`integrationFolder`" configuration#Folders-Files %} in Windows would lead to errors with plugins. Fixes {% issue 1704 %}.
- Cypress no longer crashes when a 3rd party server sends invalid `gzip` content. Also fixed issues with incorrectly gunzipping multibyte characters which would potentially lead to serving invalid HTML or JS. Fixes {% issue 1396 %} and {% issue 1756 %}.
- The `--silent` flag should now be respected during `npm install cypress` on all OSes. Fixes {% issue 817 %}.
- Corrected a typo in the CLI for a warning message. Fixes {% issue 2038 %}.
- Fixed some areas of the Desktop GUI that did not display path names correctly in Windows. Fixes {% issue 1830 %}.
- The `pluginsFile` now supports an absolute path instead of just a relative one. Fixes {% issue 1837 %}.
- Fixed a regression introduced in `3.x.x` where application code that used `setTimeout` with a string argument would see the error `fn.apply is not a function`. Fixes {% issue 1854 %}.
- Fixed issue where preprocessor errors were being swallowed. Fixes {% issue 1877 %}.
- Fixed issue where Cypress would hang indefinitely when starting a new spec when in `cypress run` mode. Additionally we have optimized the code path to not read in the local `state.json` unnecessarily. Fixes {% issue 2013 %} and {% issue 1912 %} and {% issue 1905 %} and {% issue 1890 %}.
- Fixed a couple regressions in the Dashboard where timed out runs stayed "Pending" forever. Fixes {% issue 1891 %} and {% issue 1952 %}.
- Fixed another Dashboard regression where an error would throw when recording tests and sending a large list of specs. Fixes {% issue 1901 %}.
- Fixed issue where videos would not be recorded when an object was returned from `before:browser:launch` when in the Electron browser. Fixes {% issue 1992 %}.
- Fixed an issue where Cypress would inject content into the `<header>` tag instead of the `<head>` tag. Fixes {% issue 2026 %}.
- Fixed an oversight where a specific framebusting check was not being properly stripped and removed by the default config option {% url "`modifyObstructiveCode`" configuration#Browser %}. Fixes {% issue 2030 %} and {% issue 2059 %}.
- Fixed icons visually shifting when tests were running in the Test Runner. Fixes {% issue 1983 %}.
- Server sent events now *finally* work correctly in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 1440 %} and {% issue 1111 %}.
- Time traveling snapshots now preserve the styles of empty `<style>` tags with programmatically inserted CSS rules. Fixes {% issue 1226 %}.

**Misc:**

- There are now several new CLI commands for interacting with the binary cache: {% url "`cypress cache path`" command-line#cypress-cache-path %}, {% url "`cypress cache list`" command-line#cypress-cache-list %}, and {% url "`cypress cache clear`" command-line#cypress-cache-clear %}. Fixes {% issue 1856 %}.
- We've added a new CLI flag: `--no-exit` for {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} to keep the browser open after the tests finish running. Fixes {% issue 1871 %}.
- The {% url "CLI" command-line %} now respects config values and environment variables put in your `.npmrc` file. Fixes {% issue 1399 %} and {% issue 1853 %}.
- Significantly improved the performance of taking screenshots. {% issue 1863 %}.
- Node module dependencies updated. Fixes {% issue 1674 %} and {% issue 1942 %}.
- The bundled version of `ffmpeg` has now been bumped from `3.x.x` to `4.x.x`. This may help with some issues users were experiencing when recording videos. Fixes {% issue 1972 %}.
- Added more debug logs to `ffmpeg` to determine why `ffmpeg` compression sometimes causes Cypress to crash (mostly while running in Travis CI). Fixes {% issue 1971 %}.
- Several improvements to TypeScript typings. Fixes {% issue 1881 %} and {% issue 2007 %} and {% issue 1899 %} and {% issue 1902 %} and {% issue 1897 %} and {% issue 1907 %}.
- We improved error logging and the user experience around {% url "`cypress verify`" command-line#cypress-verify %}. Fixes {% issue 1984 %}.
- We no longer log the `skipping install` message if the Cypress binary is already installed locally. Fixes {% issue 1985 %}.
- Now, by default, screenshots are nested within a folder with the name of **the spec file** that is currently running. Example - the spec named `cypress/integration/foo/bar_spec.js` will save screenshots inside of this directory: `cypress/screenshots/foo/bar_spec.js/*`. Fixes {% issue 1826 %}.
- Passing `foo/bar/baz` as the fileName arg to {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot#Take-a-screenshot-and-save-in-a-specific-directory %} inside a spec, `app.spec.js`, will now result in the screenshot being saved to a nested folder path such as: `cypress/screenshots/app.spec.js/foo/bar/baz.png`. Fixes {% issue 1771 %} and {% issue 668 %}.
- We now append `(failed)` to the screenshot filename of screenshots taken automatically during test failure. Fixes {% issue 1923 %}.
- If multiple screenshots are taken during a test that will result in the same filename, their file paths are now appended with a number, i.e. `test name (1).png`. This prevents screenshot files with the same name from being overwritten. Fixes {% issue 1766 %}.
- Screenshot `onAfterScreenshot` and `onBeforeScreenshot` callbacks ar enow invoked for failed tests. They include a `testFailure` property to distinguish between automatic ones and your own use of `cy.screenshot()`. Fixes {% issue 2040 %}.
- There's now an {% url "`after:screenshot` plugin event" after-screenshot-api %} you can use in your `pluginsFile` to work with screenshots after they are taken. This enables you to rename them, move their location, resize them, send them to a service, etc. Fixes {% issue 2039 %}.
- Added `Cypress.browser` object which contains information about the currently running browser. Fixes {% issue 1919 %} and {% issue 1961 %}.
- Added `Cypress.spec` object which contains information about the currently running spec. Fixes {% issue 1918 %}.
- URLs displayed in the Command Log during {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} are no longer arbitrarily truncated at a set width. Fixes {% issue 1995 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- {% url 'Update `cy.screenshot()` doc to include new file naming behavior' screenshot %}
- {% url 'Updated "Command Line" doc to include new cache commands' command-line %}
- {% url 'Added `Cypress.browser` doc.' browser %}
- {% url 'Added `Cypress.spec` doc.' spec %}
- {% url 'Added `after:screenshot` plugin event doc.' after-screenshot-api %}
