# 3.1.4

*Released 12/25/2018*

Merry Christmas everyone!

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a very longstanding (!) issue where {% url "`.click()`" click %} would fail to click the center coordinates of elements with style `display: inline`. Cypress would instead report that the element was being covered causing the error: `cy.click() failed because this element is being covered by another element`. Fixes {% issue 210 %}.
- We now no longer abort XHR's which have their `.abort()` method called but are already complete. This fixes an edge case where complete XHR's were having their `disposer` function called in frameworks like `rxJS` which lead to Cypress accidentally re-aborting the XHR's after they were complete. Fixes {% issue 761 %}.
- Fixed issues involving XHRs displaying as 'aborted' in the Cypress Command Log when they were not actually aborted. Fixes {% issue 1652 %}.
- We no longer abort XHR request during the page's `unload` event and allow the browser to handle natively calling abort. Fixes {% issue 2968 %}.
- Fixed an issue where Cypress's `devDependencies` were being included in the Windows binary. Fixes {% issue 2896 %}.
- Fixed issue where XHR's `onreadystatechange` was not receiving the proper event arguments. Fixes {% issue 2925 %}.
- We now properly strip leading paths of files on uncaught errors from Windows OS. Fixes {% issue 2936 %}.

**Misc:**

- Removed the word 'already' from the Cypress install message in order to be less confusing. Adresses {% issue 2754 %}.
- Fixed incomplete type definitions for {% url "`cy.request`" request %}. Fixes {% issue 2305 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `commit-info` from `2.0.0` to `2.1.1`. Fixes {% issue 2848 %}.
- Upgraded `lodash` from `4.17.10` to `4.17.11`. Fixes {% issue 2929 %}.
