# 3.1.1

*Released 11/2/2018*

**Features:**

- You can now pass a `flag` option to {% url "`cy.writeFile()`" writefile %}. The {% url "following flags" https://nodejs.org/api/fs.html#fs_file_system_flags %} are available. Fixes {% issue 1249 %}.
- There is a new {% url "`CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_MIRROR`" installing-cypress#Mirroring %} environment variable for installing Cypress at a mirror url. Fixes {% PR 2609 %}.
- The {% url "Module API" module-api %} now returns the `runUrl` from `cypress.run()`. Fixes {% issue 2596 %}.
- Specs now properly display as focused when navigating through specs via the keyboard. Fixes {% PR 2273 %}.
- Tasks registered in the plugins file with the 'task' event are merged with any tasks registered by previous calls to `on('task')`, instead of overwriting the previous tasks. Fixes {% issue 2284 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a bug where Cypress would error when a secure cookie flag was set and then expired from an HTTPS url without the subsequent secure flag. Due to the way Cypress was constructing the url, this would fail to actually remove the cookie. Fixes {% issue 1264 %}, {% issue 1321 %}, {% issue 1799 %}.
- We now truncate filenames for screenshots to not exceed 255 characters in length. Previously there were cases where the screenshot filename would exceed 255 characters and error. Fixes {% issue 2403 %} and {% issue 2665 %}.
- Fixed issue when using {% url "`cy.writeFile()`" writefile %} and passing an object to a `.json` file. The object is now correctly written to the JSON file instead of a string. Fixes {% PR 2373 %}.
- We updated how we handle {% url "`trashAssetsBeforeRuns`" configuration#Screenshots %} behavior. We now trash the contents of the {% url "`screenshotsFolder`" configuration#Folders-Files %} and {% url "`videosFolder`" configuration#Folders-Files %} directories instead of trashing the directories themselves. This helps maintain any file access permissions for the directories. Fixes {% issue 1943 %} and {% issue 2600 %}.
- Fixed bug where mocked Dates using {% url "`cy.clock()`" clock %} would not be an instance of `Date`. Fixes {% issue 2570 %}.
- Directories within specs whose names contain `.` are now correctly read as directories instead of spec files within the Test Runner. Fixes {% issue 2423 %}.
- Cypress no longer automatically takes screenshots of skipped tests. Fixes {% issue 2368 %}.
- Fixed an issue where returning/resolving `undefined` from a {% url "`cy.task()`" task %} handler resulted in an incorrect runtime error. Fixes {% issue 2553 %}.
- Update {% url "`modifyObstructiveCode`" configuration#modifyObstructiveCode %} to account for framebusting techniques that use `window.frameElement`, so that Applications using this technique will run properly in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 2582 %}.
- Fixed bug where only the first DOM element of an array of DOM elements would be blacked out after being passed as argument to `blackout` within {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %}. Fixes {% issue 2508 %}.
- We fixed an issue involving timers after running {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %}. Fixes {% issue 2432 %}.
- The Test Runner now retries node-originated errors from our internal API requests. Fixes {% issue 2341 %}
- Fixed issue with multiple `readyStateChanges` with the same `readyState`. Fixes {% issue 1150 %}.
- Fixed Type error being thrown for users using TypeScript 3. Fixes {% issue 2363 %}.

**Misc**

- We are now collecting more environment variables from runs when run in Semaphore, GitLab, Bitbucket, Team Foundation Server, Codeship, and Shippable. Fixes {% issue 2460 %}, {% issue 2358 %}, {% issue 2343 %}, and {% issue 2453 %}.
- The Test Runner's search now resets when switching between projects. Fixes {% issue 2512 %}.
- Fixed internal Cypress tests. Fixes {% issue 2606 %}.
- Replaced use of `new Buffer` with `Buffer.from`. Fixes {% issue 2626 %}.
- Allowed `autoScrollingEnabled` to be saved in `state.json`. Fixes {% issue 2476 %}.
- Fixed internal test error `beforeSpecRun is not a function`. Fixes {% issue 2401 %}.
- Switched our internal tests to use CircleCI workspaces. Fixes {% issue 2398 %}.
- Update TypeScript definition for {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} to include screenshot specific options. Fixes {% issue 2654 %}.
- URLs printed within the CLI will now display as the color blue. Fixes {% issue 2493 %}.
- We began bulk converting some of our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Fixes {% issue 2686 %} and {% issue 2687 %}.
- We updated some of our internal ESLint rules to be more strict and also to help with CoffeeScript to JavaScript conversions. Fixes {% issue 2688 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Added `flag` option to {% url "`cy.writeFile()` doc" writefile %}.
- Added `runUrl` to returned run in {% url "Module API doc" module-api %}.
- Documented new `CYPRESS_DOWNLOAD_MIRROR` flag and rewrote advanced install instructions to be clearer in {% url "Installing Cypress doc" installing-cypress#Advanced %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded common-tags from `^1.4.0` to `^1.8.0` {% PR 2415 %}
- Upgraded @cypress/browserify-preprocessor from `1.1.0` to `1.1.1` {% issue 2513 %}
- Upgraded lolex from `^1.5.2` to `^3.0.0` {% issue 2570 %}
<!-- textlint-disable -->
- Upgraded @types/jquery from `3.2.16` to `3.3.6` {% issue 2363 %}
<!-- textlint-enable -->
- Upgraded zunder from `5.6.5` to `6.1.1` {% issue 2541 %}