# 3.1.5

*Released 1/30/2019*

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed issue where the `onLoad` event was never being called when calling {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} on the url Cypress is currently navigated to. Fixes {% issue 1311 %}.
- Fixed regression introduced in `3.1.4` that caused an `InvalidStateError` when visiting a page with an XHR request with a `responseType` other than `text` or `''`. Fixes {% issue 3008 %}.
- Fixed several issues in Chrome* versions >= 72 in the Cypress proxy that caused using `cy.visit()` with `localhost` to fail, or using `localhost` inside of the `baseUrl` configuration option. Fixes {% issue 1872 %} and {% issue 3252 %} and {% issue 1777 %}.
- Fixed another issue in Chrome* versions >= 72 where a scrollable command log would cause the entire application to be scrollable. Fixes {% issue 3253 %}.
- Fixed not correctly passing the `timeout` option for {% url "`cy.request()`" request %}. This should fix some instances where large `timeout` values would cause `ESOCKETTIMEDOUT` errors. Fixes {% issue 2669 %}.
- Fixed issue where Cypress would inject a script tag before the `<!DOCTYPE>` declaration when the document only contained the doctype declaration. Fixes {% issue 2617 %}.
- The error message when visiting a site with an invalid content-type now prints the correct content-type of the response Cypress received from the web server. Fixes {% issue 3101 %}.
- Fixed issue where an internal `layout.html` file would inadvertently get loaded instead of the spec file. Fixes {% issue 2891 %}.
- Fixed issue where the Chromium browser was not detected in Linux due to Cypress not distinguishing between Chrome and Chromium browsers with the same version. Fixes {% issue 1400 %}.
- Fixed issue of Cypress being unable to play videos with `autoplay`. We now pass the `--no-user-gesture-required` command line switch to Chrome. Fixes {% issue 2376 %}.
- We now pass the Chromium command line switches `--use-fake-ui-for-media-stream` and `--use-fake-device-for-media-stream` to Chrome by default in order to better support testing webcam functionality. Fixes {% issue 2704 %}.
- Updated filenames allowed for screenshots to allow more characters that are valid. Fixes {% issue 3052 %}.
- Fixed TypeScript error caused by `dtslint` dependency introduced in 3.1.4. Fixes {% issue 3024 %} and {% issue 3136 %}.
- Improved error message displayed for `cypress cache` to not display `[object Object]` and made `--help` labels more descriptive. Fixes {% issue 2589 %}.
- Using {% url "`.clear()`" clear %} on inputs of type 'date' is now working. Fixes {% issue 2738 %}
- Fixed issue where `event` was undefined when using an `onload` event handler. Fixed {% issue 2859 %}

**Misc:**

- Improved errors shown when opening a project in the Desktop Application. The design is more readable and the error's stack trace is now expandable. Addresses {% issue 2955 %}.
- Improved experience of search in Desktop Application when there are no results. Addresses {% issue 3146 %}.
- Updated tooltip content so that it no longer flows outside of the tooltip in the Test Runner when displaying longer routes. Fixes {% issue 2980 %}.
- Added word labels beside icons in Desktop Application for 'Support' and 'Docs' links. Addresses {% issue 3091 %}.
- Updated the CLI to no longer silence important stdout from `cypress version`, `cypress cache list` etc commands. Addresses {% issue 2705 %}.
- Fixed incorrect type definition for options usage for {% url ".then()" then %}.  Addresses {% issue 3075 %}.
- Fixed incorrect JSDoc comments in type definition for {% url ".focus()" focus %} and better formatted comments in type definitions. Addresses {% issue 2975 %} and {% issue 2954 %}.
- Updated error messages to include single quotes when displaying written test code. Addresses {% issue 2684 %}

**Documentation Changes:**

- Added example on how to use a fake video for webcam testing to {% url "Browser API doc" browser-launch-api#Use-fake-video-for-webcam-testing %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- We've begun automating our dependency update process in order to avoid accidental dependency updates. Addresses {% issue 2990 %} and {% issue 3025 %}.
- Upgraded `sinon` from `3.2.0` to `3.3.0`. Addresses {% issue 1328 %}.