# 3.2.0

*Released 3/15/2019*

**Features:**

- {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} has been expanded to allow options `url`, `method`, `body`, and `headers`. This allows {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to be called with a `POST` method or with headers like `Accept-Language` or `Authorization`. Fixes {% issue 1500 %}, {% issue 1904 %} and {% issue 908 %}.
- {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} now allows any valid HTTP `method` to be used including `TRACE`, `COPY`, `LOCK`, `MKCOL`, `MOVE`, `PURGE`, `PROPFIND`, `PROPPATCH`, `UNLOCK`, `REPORT`, `MKACTIVITY`, `CHECKOUT`, `MERGE`, `M-SEARCH`, `NOTIFY`, `SUBSCRIBE`, `UNSUBSCRIBE`, `SEARCH`, and `CONNECT`. Addresses {% issue 1302 %}
- The {% url "`--browser` argument" command-line#cypress-run-browser-lt-browser-name-or-path-gt %} of the {% url "Command Line" command-line %} and the {% url "`browser` argument" module-api#cypress-run %} of the {% url "Module API" module-api %} have been updated to allow passing a `<path>`. Addresses {% issue 1026 %}.
- {% url "`cy.type()`" type %} now accepts `{home}` and `{end}` special character sequences to move the cursor to the start or end of a line. Addresses {% issue 2033 %}.
- The Cypress Chrome extension now has a static ID of `caljajdfkjjjdehjdoimjkkakekklcck`. This allows Cypress to be added to your allowed extensions for those working under corporate policies that prohibit extensions. Addresses {% issue 3673 %}, {% issue 1239 %} and {% issue 2494 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Problems logging in through GitHub in the Test Runner have been fixed. The GitHub login window no longer shows the browser support banner and the "Authorize cypress-io" button is no longer disabled. Fixes {% issue 1251 %}.
- Fixed an issue when testing applications using older versions of jQuery. They now no longer throw `item.first is not a function`. Fixes {% issue 2927 %}.
- Cypress now detects more instances of `browser` installations. Fixes {% issue 3183 %} and {% issue 3218 %}.
- Fixed issue with loading fixture files containing more than one `.` in their filename while not specifying the file extension. We are also displaying a clearer warning when a fixture file cannot be found. Fixes {% issue 1402 %}.
- All third party `@types` have been moved from Cypress `dependencies` into `devDependencies`. This should fix situations where user's type dependencies were conflicting with Cypress's third party type definitions. Fixes {% issue 3371 %} and {% issue 1227 %}.
- `Cypress.config('baseUrl')` has been updated to no longer strip singular `/` at the end of urls and instead only strip instances of multiple `/`. Fixes {% issue 3540 %}.
- The prompt to "Restore pages?" is no longer displayed within Chrome upon restarting a crashed Chrome window. Addresses {% issue 2048 %}.
- {% url "`cy.wrap()`" wrap %} no longer throws an error when a non-jQuery wrapped DOM element is passed in as an argument. Fixes {% issue 3549 %}.
- Fixed issue where all arguments passed to `setTimeout` or `setInterval` were not properly passed on to the target function. Fixes {% issue 3592 %}.
- {% url "`.filter()`" filter %} has been updated so that when called with a function, the options are now properly read. Fixes {% issue 3315 %}.
- Cypress's recognition of websites attempting framebusting has been updated to include framebusting code wrapped within `()`. {% issue 3267 %}
- When `.its()` returns `undefined` it no longer errors. It will now follow the same logic as all other commands and only fail when directly by a {% url "`.should()`" should %} command with an assertion that is not met. Fixes {% issue 1531 %}.
- When {% url "`cy.wrap()`" wrap %} is followed directly by a {% url "`.should()`" should %} command, `cy.wrap()` will now {% url "retry" retry-ability %} when its argument evaluates to `undefined` until it meets the requirements of the assertion or the `cy.wrap()` command times out. Fixes {% issue 3241 %}.

**Misc:**

- We now display a warning when passing an argument to `--spec` that is not surrounded by quotes `""` recommending that the argument instead be surrounded by quotes. In some cases, not providing quotes can cause the arguments to be read in a way that is likely not its intended use. Addresses {% issue 3318 %} and {% issue 2298 %}.
- The number of logs printed when installing Cypress in docker has been reduced. Partially addresses {% issue 1243 %}.
- The seeded Kitchen Sink examples have some new examples showing how to add a message to assertions, how to compare the text content of two elements, and how to make assertions about `data` attributes. The examples also have some small typo fixes. Fixes {% issue 502 %}. Addressed in {% PR 3272 %}, {% PR 3287 %}, and {% PR 3700 %}.
- We now only mount internal servers on `loopback`. Addresses {% issue 3712 %}.
- The instructions in Cypress's update window now include `yarn` update instructions alongside `npm`. Addresses {% issue 2871 %}.
- The spec file's font weight has been increased within the Test Runner for better readability. Addressed in {% issue 3065 %}.
- We improved the error message displayed when a record key is unrecognized during `cypress run`. Addresses {% issue 1449 %}.
- We improved the typings when using `Cypress.on` to listen for `window.alert` events to allow for `Sinon.stub`. Fixes {% issue 3451 %}.
- Fixed typo in typing for {% url "`.trigger`" trigger %} options. Addressed in {% PR 3588 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- New {% url "Retryability" retry-ability %} doc {% url "#1278" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1278 %}
- Updated `--browser` and `browser` args to accept `path` {% url "#1419" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1419 %}
- Document how to accept or reject project transfers {% url "#1474" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1474 %}
- Updated {% url "docs" launching-browsers %} on explain how to run Chrome and Chromium browsers {% url "#1339" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1339 %}
- Added `{home}` and `{end}` character sequences to {% url "cy.type()" type } doc. Also wrote better description of what `{downarrow}` and `{uparrow}` character sequences actually do. {% url "#1347" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1347 %}
- Added all newly supported HTTP methods to {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} doc.
- Add new section to {% url "Troubleshooting" troubleshooting#Allow-the-Cypress-Chrome-extension %} doc explaining how to allow the Cypress Chrome extension.
- Fixed code example for google analytics stubbing {% url "#1454" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1454 %}

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `@cypress/commit-info` from `2.1.1` to `2.1.2`. {% PR 3327 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/xvfb` from `1.2.3` to `1.2.4`. {% PR 3328 %}.
- Upgraded `@ffmpeg-installer/ffmpeg` from `1.0.15` to `1.0.17`. {% PR 3329 %}.
- Upgraded `cachedir` from `1.3.0` to `2.1.0`. {% PR 3660 %}.
- Upgraded `chalk` from `2.4.1` to `2.4.2`. {% PR 3362 %}.
- Upgraded `chokidar` from `1.6.0` to `1.7.0`. {% PR 3363 %}.
- Upgraded `coffee-script` from `1.12.5` to `1.12.7`. {% PR 3365 %}.
- Upgraded `commander` from `2.11.0` to `2.19.0`. {% PR 3366 %}.
- Upgraded `common-tags` from `1.4.0` to `1.8.0`. {% PR 3368 %}.
- Upgraded `compression` from `1.7.2` to `1.7.3`. {% PR 3379 %}.
- Upgraded `cookie` from `0.2.4` to `0.3.1`. {% PR 3380 %}.
- Upgraded `cookie-parser` from `1.4.3` to `1.4.4`. {% PR 3443 %}.
- Upgraded `dependency-tree` from `6.4.0` to `6.5.0`. {% PR 3381 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-context-menu` from `0.8.0` to `0.11.0`. {% PR 3383 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-packager` from `9.0.1` to `9.1.0`. {% PR 3384 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-positioner` from `3.0.0` to `3.0.1`. {% PR 3385 %}.
- Upgraded `errorhandler` from `1.1.1` to `1.5.0`. {% PR 3386 %}.
- Upgraded `express` from `4.16.2` to `4.16.4`. {% PR 3409 %}.
- Upgraded `extract-zip` from `1.6.6` to `1.6.7`. {% PR 3410 %}.
- Upgraded `glob` from `7.1.2` to `7.1.3`. {% PR 3412 %}.
- Upgraded `image-size` from `0.5.5` to `0.7.2`. {% PR 3413 %} and {% PR 3500 %}.
- Upgraded `is-ci` from `1.0.10` to `1.2.1`. {% PR 3414 %}.
- Upgraded `lodash` from `4.17.4` to `4.17.11`. {% PR 3344 %}.
- Upgraded `mocha-junit-reporter` from `1.17.0` to `1.18.0`. {% PR 3417 %}.
- Upgraded `moment` from `2.23.0` to `2.24.0`. {% PR 3433 %}.
- Upgraded `morgan` from `1.3.0` to `1.9.1`. {% PR 3434 %}.
- Upgraded `node-uuid` from `1.4.1` to `1.4.8`. {% PR 3436 %}.
- Upgraded `parse-domain` from `2.0.0` to `2.1.7`. {% PR 3437 %}.
- Upgraded `request` from `2.87.0` to `2.88.0`. {% PR 3444 %}.
- Upgraded `request-progress` from `0.3.1` to `0.4.0`. {% PR 3445 %}.
- Upgraded `request-promise` from `4.1.1` to `4.2.4`. {% PR 3446 %} and {% PR 3476 %}.
- Upgraded `return-deep-diff` from `0.2.9` to `0.3.0`. {% PR 3447 %}.
- Upgraded `send` from `0.14.2` to `0.16.2`. {% PR 3448 %}.
- Upgraded `ssl-root-cas` from `1.2.5` to `1.3.1`. {% PR 3449 %}.
- Upgraded `supports-color` from `5.1.0` to `5.5.0`. {% PR 3464 %}.
- Upgraded `through` from `2.3.6` to `2.3.8`. {% PR 3465 %}.
- Upgraded `tmp` from `0.0.31` to `0.0.33`. {% PR 3466 %}.
- Upgraded `tough-cookie` from `2.4.3` to `3.0.1`. {% PR 3477 %} and {% PR 3659 %}.
- Upgraded `trash` from `4.0.0` to `4.3.0`. {% PR 3478 %}.
- Upgraded `underscore.string` from `3.3.4` to `3.3.5`. {% PR 3480 %}.
- Upgraded `yauzl` from `2.8.0` to `2.10.0`. {% PR 3481 %}. Potentially fixes {% issue 3515 %}.
- We also updated many dependencies used for development and removed some unused dependencies.
