# 3.3.0

*Released 5/17/2019*

**News:**

- We've {% url 'written a blog post' https://www.cypress.io/blog/2019/05/22/how-we-improved-network-speed-by-300-in-cypress-3-3-0/ %} about the 300% increase in proxy performance delivered in `3.3.0`.

**Features:**

- Cypress now automatically reads from your system's `HTTP_PROXY`, `HTTPS_PROXY`, and `NO_PROXY` environment variables and proxies traffic accordingly through Cypress based on these values. This includes network traffic within your application under test, when downloading Cypress, and when accessing 'Runs' within the Test Runner. Please read our new {% url "Proxy Configuration" proxy-configuration %} doc to understand more about proxy configuration in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 672 %}, {% issue 733 %}, {% issue 939 %}, {% issue 1039 %}, {% issue 1459 %}, {% issue 1469 %}, {% issue 1470 %}, {% issue 1541 %}, {% issue 1608 %}, {% issue 2295 %}, {% issue 3855 %}, {% issue 3865 %}, {% issue 1401 %} and {% issue 3857 %}.
- Your project's current proxy settings now display in the {% url "Settings of the Test Runner" proxy-configuration#View-proxy-settings-in-Cypress %}. Addresses {% issue 3856 %}.
- Support for `have.focus`, `not.have.focus`, `be.focused` and `not.be.focused` {% url "assertions" assertions %} have been added. Addresses {% issue 97 %}.
- We now offer a separate 32bit and 64bit build for Windows. Addresses {% issue 716 %}, {% issue 787 %}, {% issue 2095 %}, {% issue 706 %}, {% issue 3706 %}, and {% issue 4016 %}.
- Requests that go through {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} or {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} are now automatically retried under the hood when the request fails. This more closely reflects Chrome's default behavior on requests. Addresses {% issue 4013 %}, {% issue 898 %} and {% issue 1013 %}.
- {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} and {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} now support new options `retryOnStatusCodeFailure` and `retryOnNetworkFailure` to allow changing Cypress's automatic request retry on status codes and network errors. Addresses {% issue 4013 %}, {% issue 898 %} and {% issue 1013 %}.
- {% url "`.type()`" type %} now supports the special character sequences `{insert}`, `{pageup}`, and `{pagedown}`. Addresses {% issue 3845 %}.
- We now indicate which XHRs match which alias in the Command Log on {% url "`.wait()`" wait %} when they match an alias multiple times. Addresses {% issue 477 %}.
- The console log when clicking on the {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} command now displays its resolved `options` arguments. Addresses {% issue 3721 %}.
- There's a new 'canceled' XHR status shown on the Command Log to indicate the difference between calling `xhr.abort()` and the browser canceling the request due to page navigation. Addresses {% issue 3973 %}.
- The Electron browser now runs Chrome Version 61. Addresses {% issue 4000 %}.
- Running Cypress via `cypress run` now supports scripts of `type="module"`. Fixes {% issue 3696 %}.
- Exposed {% url "`Cypress.isCy()`" iscy %} method to check if a value is a valid instance of `cy` or a `cy` chainable. Fixes {% issue 3822 %}.
- There is a new "Download Chromium" menu item in the "Help" menu of the Test Runner links to Cypress's {% url "Chromium Download Tool" https://on.cypress.io/chromium-downloads %}. Addresses {% issue 3977 %}

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression introduced in {% url "3.2.0" changelog#3-2-0 %} that caused an error to throw when visiting domains with certain public suffixes. Fixes {% issue 3717 %}.
- When running Cypress with `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variables set, Cypress no longer issues an incorrect 0 exit code. {% issue 1676 %}
- Fixed a regression introduced in {% url "3.2.0" changelog#3-2-0 %} that caused {% url "`.its()`" its %} to no longer retry when it yields `undefined`. {% issue 3837 %}
- Fixed a regression introduced in {% url "3.2.0" changelog#3-2-0 %} that caused {% url "`cy.fixture()`" fixture %} to throw a `EISDIR` error if a directory had the same name as a file within that same directory. Fixes {% issue 3739 %}.
- `user-agent` headers sent as arguments to {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} and {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} are now properly sent. Fixes {% issue 3873 %} and {% issue 3719 %}.
- When a request is proxied through Cypress and there is a network error, we no longer send an HTML response with a 500 status code. We now  kill the browser-facing socket and let the network error be handled by the application under test. Fixes {% issue 4101 %}, {% issue 4231 %}, {% issue 1036 %}, {% issue 4231 %}, and {% issue 1398 %}.
- We changed Cypress's implementation to no longer rely on internal XHR events when the browser navigates. This fixes a a bug in Chrome 71+ that could cause XHRs to pend forever. Fixes {% issue 3973 %} and {% issue 4130 %}
- We greatly improved the speed of proxied requests through our network layer. Fixes {% issue 3192 %} and {% issue 1469 %}.
- If an error occurs during `cypress verify`, we now kill the verification process after 10 seconds and print the error message. This should prevent some situations where Cypress would hang during installation or verification and never exit. Fixes {% issue 819 %}.
- Cypress automatically retries `cypress verify` and `cypress run` commands by starting its own Xvfb server on Linux if the first attempt fails due to possible `DISPLAY` misconfiguration. Addresses {% issue 4034 %}.
- Cypress now properly handles typing JavaScript object prototype methods (like `hasOwnProperty`) into {% url `.type()` type %}. Fixes {% issue 3423 %}.
- We now set the `form` option to `true` if the `Content-Type` header equals `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and `json` is not already set by a user. This fixes a situation where Cypress would try to parse the `body` as a string, resulting in a confusing error message. Fixes {% issue 2923 %}.
- {% url "`cy.contains()`" contains %} now correctly handles comma delimited arguments passed to the selector argument.  Fixes {% issue 2407 %}.
- Passing a browser path containing spaces now works properly when passed to the `--browser` argument. Fixes {% issue 3979 %}
- Fixed display of tooltips when selecting elements from the Selector Playground so that they display at the correct coordinates when scrolling. Fixes {% issue 1351 %}.
- The lists of spec files now display at the correct indentation level when they are nested more than 5 directories deep. Fixes {% issue 3652 %}.
- Cypress now properly parses environment variables with empty values. Fixes {% issue 3742 %}.
- Assertions running outside of a test are now properly handled in Cypress instead of throwing internal errors. Fixes {% issue 3926 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.log()`" cypress-log %} now throws an error when not properly passed an object as its argument. Addresses {% issue 3658 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.log()`" cypress-log %} no longer throws when called before any other Cypress commands. Fixes {% issue 3658 %}.

**Misc:**

- We now better support capturing environment variables within Azure DevOps. Addresses {% issue 3657 %}.
- Cypress now only scans for spec changes when the watcher sees changes, rather than polling to scan. Addresses {% issue 3069 %}.
- The ability to open the context menu to see "Inspect Element" has been reenabled in the Electron browser. Addresses {% issue 4002 %}.
- We no longer package non-Windows FFmpeg builds with Windows builds, resulting in a 35-40% reduction in zipped size and a 36-43% reduction in unzipped size of download. Addresses {% issue 3888 %}.
- The warning messages when going over test recording limits have been updated to correctly display 'monthly tests' and 'private tests' where necessary. Addresses {% issue 4024 %}.
- When an HTTP request is received by the proxy layer, by default, we send it with a `Connection: keep-alive` header so that the connection will be reused if possible. Addresses {% issue 3857 %}.
- Improved accessibility of Test Runner for screen readers. Addresses {% issue 3850 %}.
- Cypress type definition now allow a `timeout` option in {% url "`cy.hash()`" hash %}. Fixes {% issue 3844 %}.
- Fixed type definition for `match` assertion so that it now only accepts `RegExp` type arguments. Fixes {% issue 2578 %}.
- The {% url "`.trigger()`" trigger %} type definition now expects its `options` to be `ObjectLike`. Addressed in {% PR 3809 %}.
- The {% url "`cy.clock()`" clock %} type definition now allows for type `Date`. Fixed in {% PR 4106 %}.
- Added type definition for undocumented `Cypress.LocalStorage.clear` method. Fixes {% issue 4070 %}.
- Added type definition for {% url "`Cypress.isCy()`" iscy %} method. Fixes {% issue 3822 %}.
- Added missing type definitions for some {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} options. Fixes {% issue 3989 %}.
- The spinner animation should more smoothly spin when a command is pending in the Test Runner. Addressed in {% PR 4005 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- New {% url "Proxy Configuration" proxy-configuration %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1486" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1486 %}.
- Added `{insert}`, `{pageup}`, and `{pagedown}` as supported special character sequences to {% url "`.type()`" type#Arguments %}. Addressed in {% url "#1567" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1567 %}.
- Added newly supported `focus` assertion to {% url "Assertions" assertions %} doc. Addresses {% url "#1372" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1372 %}.
- Added new options `retryOnStatusCodeFailure` and `retryOnNetworkFailure` to {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} and {% url "`cy.request()`" request %}.
- Updated {% url "install instructions for Windows" installing-cypress#Download-URLs %} on how to target 64bit and 32bit infrastructures. Addressed in {% url "#1568" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1568 %}.
- Updated {% url "`.its()`" its %} and {% url "`.invoke()`" invoke %} docs to better explain how default assertions are handled. Addresses {% url "#1643" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/issues/1643 %}.
- Updated our {% url "Roadmap" roadmap %} to more closely reflect the work we are doing. Addressed in {% url "#1567" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1639 %}.
- Added a section about how to request our new {% url "Open Source Plan" organizations#Open-Source-Plan %} in the Dashboard Service doc. Addressed in {% url "#1567" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1584 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `commit-info` from `2.1.2` to `2.1.2`. Addressed in {% PR 4045 %}
- Upgraded `data-uri-to-buffer` from `0.0.4` to `1.2.0`. Addresses {% issue 4152 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `1.8.2` to `2.0.18`. Addresses {% issue 4000 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-packager` from `9.1.0` to `13.1.1`. Addresses {% issue 4155 %}.
- Upgraded `express-handlebars` from `3.0.0` to `3.0.2`. Addressed in {% PR 4086 %}.
- Upgraded `find-process` from `1.2.1` to `1.4.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4087 %}.
- Upgraded `getos` from `2.8.4` to `3.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4222 %}.
- Upgraded `http-status-codes` from `1.3.0` to `1.3.2`. Addressed in {% PR 3949 %}.
- Upgraded `jimp` from `0.6.0` to `0.6.4`. Addressed in {% PR 4097 %}.
- Removed `method-override`. Addressed in {% PR 4209 %}.
- Upgraded `node` from `8.2.1` to `8.9.3`. Addressed in {% PR 4001 %}.
- Downgraded `parse-domain` from 2.1.7 to 2.0.0 to avoid a regression released in `parse-domain`. Addresses {% issue 3717 %}.
- Upgraded `pluralize` from `3.1.0` to `7.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4205 %} and {% PR 4206 %}.
- Upgraded `semver` from `5.6.0` to `5.7.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4112 %}.
- Upgraded `send` from `0.16.2` to `0.17.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4134 %}.
- Upgraded `supports-color` from `5.5.0` to `6.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4150 %}.
- Removed `tar-fs`. Addressed in {% PR 4148 %}.
- Upgraded `term-size` from `1.2.0` to `2.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4148 %}.
- Upgraded `tmp` from `0.0.33` to `0.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4111 %}.
- Upgraded `trash` from `4.3.0` to `5.2.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4140 %}.
- Upgraded `url-parse` from `1.4.4` to `1.4.7`. Addressed in {% PR 4110 %}.
- Upgraded `widest-line` from `2.0.1` to `3.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4139 %}.
- We updated and removed some dependencies used for development.
