# 3.3.1

*Released 5/23/2019*

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in {% url "3.3.1" changelog#3-3-1 %} that was causing {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to sometimes hang causing tests to run more slowly. Fixes {% issue 4313 %} and {% issue 4349 %}.
- You can now opt out of sending exceptions to `https://api.cypress.io` by setting `CYPRESS_CRASH_REPORTS=0` in your system environment variables. {% issue 4386 %}
- The `projectId` in now displayed in the configuration in the Test Runner settings like all other configuration values. Fixes {% issue 4500 %}.
- Special env vars are now truncated in `Cypress.env()` and the debug logs. Addresses {% issue 4501 %}.
- If a site's `content-type` is `null`, `undefined` or cannot be determined during {% url `cy.visit()` visit %}, we now look at the content of the site and evaluate whether it looks like HTML. If it does look like HTML we no longer error and continue as if it the site's `content-type` is `text/html`. {% issue 1727 %} {% issue 773 %} {% issue 3101 %}.
- Visibility errors when window is hidden during headed mode test execution {% issue 4039 %}
- 'visible' assertion says visible for elements cropped by parent element with overflow: hidden {% issue 4161 %}
- Cypress fails when use `should('be.visible')` on a visible element - overflow hidden with position absolute outside {% issue 4395 %}
- `<option>` should be considered visible if in visible select {% issue 4473 %}
- `<body>` and `<html>` should always be considered visible {% issue 4475 %}
- td and tr elements within visibility: collapse are considered visible - should be hidden {% issue 4476 %}
- `ignoreTestFiles` is ignored when passed from CLI {% issue 1696 %}
- 🍴 Huge memory consumption 🍴 {% issue 2366 %}
- Reset button not considered during Implicit submission of a form {% issue 3909 %}
- Snapshotting still occurs when `numTestsKeptInMemory` is 0 {% issue 4104 %}
- Memory leak in long running single test {% issue 4164 %}
- Cypress v3.3.0 crashes with `ENOSPC` in AWS CodeBuild {% issue 4283 %}
- `NO_PROXY` ignored when `baseUrl` is set {% issue 4303 %}
- 'Cannot read property \'replace\' of null' from sanitize-filename err being thrown {% issue 4310 %}
- Cypress no longer incorrectly errors when calling `cy.window().screenshot()`, `cy.window().scrollTo()` or `cy.window().trigger()` in an application with multiple iframes. Fixes {% issue 4396 %}.
- We no longer delay proxied responses with no body with status codes 1xx, 204, 304. This fixes a regression introduced in {% url "3.2.0" changelog#3-2-0 %} where responses with these status codes were delayed when using a proxy. Fixes {% issue 4298 %}.
- Fixed a regression in {% url "3.3.0" changelog#3-3-0 %} causing some users with proxy to see the "Browser was not launched through Cypress" message during `cypress open`. Fixes {% issue 4410 %}.
- Fixed a situation where requests for Cypress's internal server on `localhost` were mistakenly going through the machine's proxy. Fixed in {% PR 4358 %}.
- Requests that go through {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} or  {% url "`cy.request()`" %} are now automatically retried on `ENOTFOUND` errors. Fixes {% issue 4424 %} and {% issue 1755 %}.
- We fixed situations during a test failure where the Test Runner would throw `RangeError: Maximum call stack size exceeded`. Fixes {% issue 1958 %} and {% issue 4346 %}.
- Cypress now errors when the `body` paramater passed to {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} contains a circular reference. Fixed in {% PR 4407 %}
- Expecting element to be disabled results in maximum call stack size error {% issue 1958 %}
- If the DOM element provided to {% url "`.type()`" type %} is already in focus, Cypress no longer attempts to click on the DOM element. This allows you to call `.focus()` on elements that are focusable, but not necessarily clickable and type into them using `.type()`. Fixes {% issue 3001 %} and {% issue 4420 %}.
- Fixed issue where `window.performance.getEntriesByType` would return `undefined` instead of an array within application code when using {% url "`cy.clock()`" clock %}. Fixes {% issue 3625 %}.
- Cypress now correctly handles `blur` and `focus` events in situations where the browser has lost focus. Fixes {% issue 4039 %}, {% issue 1176 %}, {% issue 1486 %}
- Passing an array of strings to `ignoreTestFiles` no longer causes an error to throw. Fixes {% issue 4312 %}.

**Misc:**

- Support Google Cloud Build details in Cypress Dashboard {% issue 3582 %}
- `cy.writeFile()` is working with JS specs, but not with TypeScript specs {% issue 4461 %}
- Fix the `cy.stub()` type signature {% issue 4302 %}
- Cypress 3.3.1/3.3.0/3.2.0: Error TS2688: Cannot find type definition file for '../sinon' {% issue 4272 %}

**Documentation Changes:**

- New {% url "Code Coverage" code-coverage %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1744" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1744 %}.
- New {% url "Visual Testing" visual-testing %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1744" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1536 %}.
- New {% url "Courses" courses-media %} doc to list online courses that teach end-to-end testing with Cypress. Addressed in {% url "#1766" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1766 %}.
- Added a section about {% url "Hacking on Cypress" debugging#Hacking-on-Cypress %} in the Debugging doc. Addressed in {% url "#1783" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1783 %}.
- Added a section on how to {% url "opt out of sending exception data to Cypress" installing-cypress#Opt-out-of-sending-exception-data-to-Cypress %} in the Installing Cypress doc.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `shell-env` from `0.3.0` to `3.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4466 %}, {% PR 4467 %}, and {% PR 4471 %}.
- Upgraded `chokidar` from `1.7.0` to `3.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4487 %}.
- Upgraded `cookie` from `0.3.1` to `0.4.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4329 %}.
- Upgraded `dependency-tree` from `6.5.0` to `7.0.2`. Addressed in {% PR 4364 %}.
- Upgraded `mocha-junit-reporter` from `1.18.0` to `1.23.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4417 %}.
- Upgraded `fs-extra` from `0.30.0` to `4.0.3`. Addressed in {% PR 4418 %}, {% PR 4419 %}, {% PR 4422 %}, and {% PR 4437 %}.
- Upgraded `pluralize` from `7.0.0` to `8.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4438 %}.
- We updated and removed some dependencies used for development.
