# 3.4.0

*Released 7/9/2019*

**Features:**

- Users can now log in to the Test Runner through the browser installed on their system. This also allows for login via GitHub with U2F keys. Addresses {% issue 3583 %}, {% issue 4337 %}, and {% issue 1162 %}.
- Google or SSO (if configured) login is now supported in the Test Runner. Addresses {% issue 3519 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Cypress now properly supports partial matching of string values for assertions `contain.text`, `contain.html`, and `contain.value`. Fixes {% issue 1969 %}.
- A form is now properly submitted when using `.type('{enter}')` on a form containing no buttons and only one input that allows implicit submission. Fixes {% issue 4495 %}.
- Extra whitespace and quotations are now stripped from the `CYPRESS_INSTALL_BINARY` environment variable to help prevent some unexpected results when set in Windows. Fixes {% issue 4506 %}.
- Electron rendering warnings are no longer printed to console output. Fixes {% issue 4288 %}.

**Misc:**

- We now expose a downloadable binary for each commit made into the {% url "develop branch" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/commits/develop %} of the {% url "cypress" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress %} repository so that pre-released versions can be installed. See {% url "this commit" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/commit/52ca8ed8399c5ef467efbee7a2d00fe0863e7f36#commitcomment-34237047 %} for an example. Addresses {% issue 4525 %}.
- There are now a series of checks that are run during download of Cypress to verify that the zip file downloaded is the correct file. Addresses {% issue 812 %} and {% issue 3515 %}.
- A warning now displays for Windows' users who have Group Policy settings that may interfere with usage of Cypress. Addresses {% issue 4391 %}.
- There's a new warning when mouse interactions fail displaying that it failed due to the element having CSS `pointer-events: none`. Addresses {% issue 3164 %}.
- If a URL is passed to {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} containing percent-encoded characters, we now display a warning explaining that `cy.route()` expects a decoded URL. Addresses {% issue 2372 %}.
- Environment variables for Semaphore 2.0 are now captured when recording tests to the Dashboard. Fixes {% issue 4671 %}.
- We now capture environment variables set from Concourse CI when recording tests to the Dashboard. Fixes {% issue 4376 %}.
- We replaced capturing environment variables from SnapCI (which is no longer available) to instead capture ones set from GoCD when recording tests to the Dashboard. Fixes {% issue 2680 %}.
- The {% url "JSON schema file" https://on.cypress.io/cypress.schema.json %} used for {% url "intelligent code completion" https://on.cypress.io/intelligent-code-completion#Configuration %} for the Cypress configuration file has been updated to match our documentation.

**Documentation Changes:**

- New error message added about policy settings to our {% url "Error Messages" error-messages %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1567" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1754 %}.
- {% url "Real World" applications#Realworld %} example tests were added to Example Applications doc. Addressed in {% url "#1567" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1836 %}.
- More content was added to our {% url "Code Coverage" code-coverage %} doc.

**Dependency Updates**

- Removed `string-to-stream` since it was no longer being used. Addressed in {% PR 4619 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/commit-info` from `2.1.3` to `2.1.4`. Addressed in {% PR 4597 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/react-tooltip` from `0.4.0` to `0.5.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4610 %}.
- Upgraded `errorhandler` from `1.5.0` to `1.5.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4618 %}.
- Upgraded `fs-extra` from `8.0.1` to `8.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4620 %}.
- Upgraded `request-progress` from `0.4.0` to `3.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4584 %}.
- We also updated and removed some dependencies used for development.
