# 3.4.1

*Released 7/24/2019*

**Bugfixes:**

- We upgraded the `lodash` dependency to fix the security vulnerability warning. Fixes {% issue 4699 %}, {% issue 4730 %}, {% issue 4743 %}.
- We upgraded the `mocha-teamcity-reporter` dependency so that it no longer errors when running in Mocha 6. Fixes {% issue 4654 %}.
- We fixed a bug where pages using non-UTF-8 character encoding would become corrupted when opened in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 3479 %}, {% issue 1543 %}, and {% issue 3650 %}.
- Cypress now correctly runs when there is no internet connection on Windows when testing a localhost URL. Fixes {% issue 4763 %}.
- We now correctly error on use of {% url "`cy.type()`" type %} into form fields with a `readonly` attribute. Fixes {% issue 1246 %}.

**Misc:**

- Cypress now looks for any npm proxy configurations when no other system proxy configuration is found. Addresses {% issue 4719 %}.
- We updated the messaging when there is a failure when downloading Cypress to recommend checking your proxy settings. Addresses {% issue 1662 %}.
- There are newly added examples in the types for {% url "custom commands" custom-commands %}, {% url "`cy.location`" location %} and {% url "`.should()`" should %}. Addresses {% issue 3684 %} and {% issue 4715 %}.
- The types for the {% url "`cy.contains(content, options)`" contains %} syntax have been added. Addresses {% issue 4727 %}.
- Types for `cy.once()` have been added. Addressed in {% PR 4788 %}.
- You can now zoom in the main Test Runner window and also the Electron browser. Corresponding keyboard shortcuts for Zoom in, Zoom out and Actual Size are also available. Addresses {% issue 1231 %}.
- When viewing the Test Runner's main window at its smallest size, the header text no longer incorrectly wraps. Addresses {% issue 86 %}.
- We're continuing to make process in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addressed in {% PR 4781 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Updated instructions for adding types for custom commands in the {% url "TypeScript Support" typescript-support#Types-for-custom-commands %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1901" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1901 %}
- Added a section about video encoding and how to speed up the encoding time to {% url "Screenshots and Videos" screenshots-and-videos#Video-encoding %} doc. Addressed in {% url "#1880" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation/pull/1880 %}

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `@ffmpeg-installer/ffmpeg` from `1.0.17` to `1.0.19`. Addressed in {% PR 4792 %}.
- Upgraded `browserify` from `13.3.0` to `14.5.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4751 %}.
- Upgraded `data-uri-to-buffer` from `1.2.0` to `2.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4622 %}.
- Upgraded `lodash` from `4.17.11` to `4.17.15`. Addressed in {% PR 4684 %}, {% PR 4709 %}, {% PR 4784 %}.
- Upgraded `mocha-junit-reporter` from `1.23.0` to `1.23.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4785 %}.
- Upgraded `p-queue` from `1.2.0` to `6.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4750 %}.
- Upgraded `semver` from `6.0.0` to `6.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4797 %}.
- We also updated and removed some dependencies used for development.
