# 3.5.0

*Released 10/23/2019*

**Features:**

- We now record video by default when you run Cypress in Chrome, Chromium, or Canary such as during {% url "`cypress run --browser chrome`" command-line#cypress-run-browser-lt-browser-name-or-path-gt %}. Addresses {% issue 4608 %}.
- There is a new {% url "`.rightclick()`" rightclick %} command to right click on DOM elements. Addresses {% issue 53 %}.
- Cypress now accepts a {% url "`--config-file` argument" command-line#cypress-run-config-file-lt-config-file-gt %} to specify a different file to be used for Cypress configuration. You can also pass `false` to the `--config-file` to not use any configuration file. Addresses {% issue 1369 %}.
- You can now use your system's Node version by setting the {% url "`nodeVersion`" configuration#Node-version %} to `system` in your configuration. This Node version will be used to build files in your {% url "`integrationFolder`" configuration#Folders-Files %} and {% url "`supportFile`"  configuration#Folders-Files %} and also be used to execute code in your {% url "`pluginsFile`"  configuration#Folders-Files %}. If not set, Cypress will continue to use the Node version bundled with Cypress. Addresses {% issue 4432 %}.
- {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} now accepts `position`, `x`, and `y` arguments. Addresses {% issue 116 %}.
- {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} now accepts `force` and `multiple` in its `options`. Addresses {% issue 116 %}.
- {% url "`.screenshot()`" screenshot %} now accepts a `padding` argument when screenshotting elements that will alter the dimensions of the screenshot of the element. Addresses {% issue 4440 %}.
- {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} now accepts a `qs` option representing an object of query paramaters to be used in the URL. Addresses {% issue 5034 %}.
- {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} now allows for viewport sizes up to 4,000 pixels. Addresses {% issue 5181 %}.
- {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} accepts new size presets for `iphone-xr`, `iphone-x`, `samsung-s10` and `samsung-note9`. Addresses {% issue 4967 %}.
- Passing a `~` to `CYPRESS_CACHE_FOLDER` will automatically resolve to the user's home directory. Addresses {% issue 5386 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} and {% url "`.click()`" click %} now fire all appropriate mouse events including `mouseover`, `mousemove`, `mouseout`, `pointerdown`, `pointerup`, and `pointermove`. Fixes {% issue 1016 %}, {% issue 1847 %}, {% issue 2045 %}, {% issue 2521 %}, {% issue 2768 %}, {% issue 2928 %}, {% issue 2957 %}, and {% issue 3224 %}.
- We updated {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} to follow the same actionability checks as {% url "`.click()`" click %}. Fixes {% issue 3798 %}.
- Coordinates clicked during {% url "`.click()`" click %} are now correct if the element being clicked is within an iframe. Fixes {% issue 4347 %}.
- We now allow {% url "`.type()`" type %} to be used on any DOM element. The element will receive all of the type events. Fixes {% issue 2166 %} and {% issue 3661 %}.
- If a typeable element gains focus during {% url "`.type()`" type %}, Cypress now continues typing into the newly focused element. Fixes {% issue 2240 %}.
- We now correctly borrow the property getter for `maxLength` when using {% url `.type()` type %} on an input. Fixes {% issue 4587 %}.
- We fixed an issue where `datetime-local` inputs would not have their `value` updated during {% url "`.type()`" type %}. Fixes {% issue 2613 %}.
- {% url "`.type()`" type %} now allows you to type `-` into number inputs with text selection. Fixes {% issue 4767 %}.
- We now fire an `input` event when using {% url "`.type()`" type %} typing `{enter}` inserts a newline. Fixes {% issue 4870 %}.
- We no longer input text when non-`{shift}` modifier keys are typed in {% url "`.type()`" type %}. Fixes {% issue 5424 %}.
- We now properly send the `code` property during keyboard events triggered during {% url "`.type()`" type %}. Fixes {% issue 3722 %}
- Cypress now sends `screenX` and `screenY` properties to events triggered using {% url "`.trigger()`" trigger %}. Fixes {% issue 3187 %}.
- We fixed a bug where Cypress could not intercept traffic sent through {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to IP addresses over HTTPS, leading to `ERR_SSL_VERSION_OR_CIPHER_MISMATCH` errors. Fixes {% issue 771 %}.
- We fixed a bug introduced in {% url "3.3.0" changelog#3-3-0 %} where some HTTPS sites failed to load during {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} and {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} with a "handshake failed" error. Fixes {% issue 4394 %}.
- We fixed a bug where ECC SSL Certificates were not supported during {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} that was introduced in {% url "3.3.0" changelog#3-3-0 %}. Fixes {% issue 4368 %}.
- We fixed an issue introduced in {% url "3.4.0" changelog#3-4-0 %} that would cause the Selector Playground to not properly highlight the currently hovered element. Fixes {% issue 4872 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.env()`" env %} now escapes `<script>` tags in the configuration file. Fixes {% issue 4952 %}.
- Cypress now properly handles converting responses of `content-type` `application/vnd.api+json` to JSON. Fixes {% issue 5165 %}.
- XHR responses in {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} that exceed 80kb in size no longer fail with an `ERR_EMPTY_RESPONSE` error. Fixes {% issue 76 %}.
- Cypress no longer crashes with `dest.end` errors on Windows machines. Fixes {% issue 2181 %}.
- The `onFocus` event no longer incorrectly fires on hidden elements. This fixes an issue introduced in {% url "3.3.2" changelog#3-3-2 %}. Fixes {% issue 4898 %}.
- You can now call {% url "`.click()`" click %} on inputs or textareas that are `readonly`. This fixes an issue introduced in {% url "3.4.1" changelog#3-4-1 %}. Fixes {% issue 4874 %}.
- Cypress no longer crashes with a `"port" option should be a number or string` error when receiving an erroneous HTTP CONNECT. Fixes {% issue 3250 %}.
- Cypress tests now timeout if there are no Cypress commands enqueue and the `done()` callback is not called within the `commandTimeout`. Fixes {% issue 1075 %}, {% issue 2478 %}, {% issue 3349 %}, and {% issue 4790 %}.
- We fixed a bug where Cypress would exit with an `ENOTCONN` error at the end of a test run when using Node >12.11.0 on Windows OS. Fixes {% issue 5241 %}.
- We fixed a bug where the Chrome policy warnings introduced in {% url "3.4.0" changelog#3-4-0 %} would not appear. Fixes {% issue 4986 %}.
- We improved the way that cookies are handled for Chrome browsers. This fixes an issue when parsing cookies that were set with a domain beginning with a `.` in Chrome 77. Fixes {% issue 5142 %} and {% issue 5206 %}.
- We fixed a bug when visiting an application that does an HTTP request to a `.js` file containing Unicode transferred using `Content-Encoding: gzip` that could cause the JavaScript file to become corrupted. Fixes {% issue 1746 %}.
- We now normalize the Cypress cache folder to resolve in the current folder and not with respect to the `node_modules/cypress` folder. Fixes {% issue 2364 %}.

**Misc:**

- Cypress now displays a more precise error message when checking an element's visibility if an element is detached from the DOM. Addresses {% issue 4946 %}.
- We increased the timeout to wait for Xvfb to start from 5 seconds to 30 seconds. This should resolve some issues where the error `Could not start Xvfb` was being thrown because Xvfb could not start within the allowed time. Addresses {% issue 5110 %}.
- We now warn when using `cypress run` from the binary directly (not from an npm module) since this is not its intended use. Addresses {% issue 1573 %}.
- We now warn on {% url "`cy.visit('file://...)`" visit %} to explain that this url format is not supported and suggest visiting a relative HTML file. Addresses {% issue 4452 %}.
- Setting the reserved `CYPRESS_ENV` environment variable will now throw an error. Addresses {% issue 1621 %}.
- We now throw a better error when passing in an Object to the {% url "`browser`" browser-launch-api %} argument of the Browser Launch API explaining that a String is expected instead. Addresses {% issue 4966 %}.
- An error will now be thrown if an invalid `name` or `value` is supplied to {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %}, matching the RFC 6265 compliant validation of cookie names and values. Addresses {% issue 5206 %}.
- Passing an invalid type to the 2nd argument of {% url "`cy.get()`" get %} now throws an error explaining that an `options` Object is expected. Addresses {% issue 2953 %}.
- We now throw a more helpful error message during {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} that would result in a screenshot with 0 width or height. Addresses {% issue 5149 %}.
- Stdout printed during `cypress run` no longer truncates text such a filenames and instead wraps the text to fit within the width of the terminal. Addresses {% issue 4977 %}.
- We now display up to 2,000 characters of HTTP property values within error messages during {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} errors. Addresses {% issue 3145 %}.
- Cypress now always considers `localhost` to be in `NO_PROXY`. To make Cypress send traffic for `localhost` through the proxy, you will now have to pass `<-loopback>` in `NO_PROXY`. Addresses {% issue 4780 %}.
- We changed the way cookies are set in {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to more closely match the browser's  behavior when setting cookies, particularly when using `fetch` with cookies. Addresses {% issue 4433 %}.
- We've added more flags to send to Chrome upon launch that should help with issues encountered during browser automation including `--disable-backgrounding-occluded-window`, `--disable-breakpad`, `--disable-ipc-flooding-protection`, `--password-store=basic`, and `--use-mock-keychain`. Addresses {% issue 5132 %} and {% issue 3633 %}.
- Scrolling the specs list now only scrolls the list of spec files and no longer scrolls the search and filter bar. Addresses {% issue 4904 %}.
- We fixed some layout issues within the Test Runner that were introduced in {% url "3.4.1" changelog#3-4-1 %}. Addresses {% issue 4888 %}, {% issue 4912 %}, and {% issue 4959 %}.
- The counter badge for spies and stubs no longer appears visually cut off. Fixes {% issue 4822 %}.
- TypeScript 3.6.2 no longer errors due to outdated jQuery types. Addresses {% issue 5065 %}.
- We updated types for {% url "`Cypress.Commands.overwrite()`" custom-commands %} to not allow an `options` object as an argument. Addresses {% issue 5341 %}.
- We added `failures` and `message` types when a run fails using the {% url "Module API" module-api %}. Addresses {% issue 5335 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 4869 %}, {% PR 4906 %}, {% PR 5096 %},  {% PR 5107 %}, {% PR 5156 %}, {% PR 5173 %}, and {% PR 5352 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Added a {% url "`.rightclick()`" rightclick %} doc.
- Added a {% url "Webinars" webinars-media %} doc containing videos of all of the official Cypress webcasts.
- Updated the {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} doc to include new `position`, `x`, and `y` arguments plus `force` and `multiple` options.
- Added the `--config-file` argument to {% url "Command Line" command-line %} and {% url "Module API" module-api %} doc.
- Added the `nodeVersion` argument to {% url "Configuration" configuration %} doc and mentioned its uses in the {% url "Plugins Guide" plugins-guide %} and {% url "Writing a Plugin" writing-a-plugin %} doc.
- Updated all docs to mention 'configuration file' instead of static `cypress.json` file since this is not configurable via a `--config-file` argument.
- Added `qs` option to {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit#Arguments %} with examples.
- Added `padding` option to {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} with examples.
- Updated the {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} doc to have a max viewport size of `4000`.
- Added newly supported viewport sizes to the {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} doc.
- Documented new keyboard shortcuts in the {% url 'Test Runner' test-runner %} doc.
- Added a new section on troubleshooting problems with Xvfb to the {% url "Continuous Integration" continuous-integration-introduction#Xvfb %} doc.
- Added a section to our {% url "Debugging" debugging#Cypress-fiddle %} doc about our `cypress-fiddle` plugin used for playing around with small test cases.
- Added a section to our {% url "Debugging" debugging#Patch-Cypress %} doc explaining how to patch an installed version of Cypress.
- Mention not needing to decode portions of the `url` in the {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} doc.
- Mention that the `file://` prefix is not supported in the {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} doc.
- Add a note about when passing `<-loopback>` in `NO_PROXY` is necessary in the Proxy Configuration doc.
- Updated our Dashboard docs to include screenshots containing our new Dashboard navigation design.
- We have some newly translated documentation in Portuguese. If you'd like to help in translating more, please open a pull request in our {% url "documentation repo" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-documentation %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded Chrome browser version used during `cypress run` and when selecting Electron browser in `cypress open` from `61` to `73`. Addressed in {% PR 4720 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `2.0.18` to `5.0.10`. Addressed in {% PR 4720 %}.
- Upgraded `node` from `8.9.3` to `12.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4720 %}.
- Upgaded `jquery` from `2.2.4` to `3.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 1229 %}.
- Upgraded `sanitize-filename` from `1.6.1` to `1.6.3`. Addressed in {% PR 5216 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/get-windows-proxy` from `1.5.4` to `1.6.0`. Addressed in {% PR 5108 %}.
