# 3.6.1

*Released 11/08/2019*

**Bugfixes:**

- The Electron browser no longer hangs when testing applications that have a prompt in a `beforeunload` handler. Fixes {% issue 2118 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where HTTP redirects could cause strange behavior, including cookies not being set as expected, leading to authentication issues and other problems. Fixes {% issue 5436 %} and {% issue 5432 %}.
- When using {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %} with the same `options` Object, Cypress now correctly sets the new cookie instead of the one passed into a previous {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %}. Fixes {% issue 2701 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where {% url "`cy.clearCookie()`" clearcookie %} would not act as expected when using certain `baseUrls`. Fixes {% issue 5453 %}.
- Cypress no longer crashes with the error `Failed to parse or set cookie named "xxx"` when loading certain websites. Fixes {% issue 4990 %}.
- Cypress now sends the expected headers or request body in a {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to an HTTPS URL using the default port, 443. Fixes {% issue 5367 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.6.0" changelog-3-6-0 %} where Cypress would crash with `TypeError: Cannot read property 'length' of null` on some network requests. Fixes {% issue 5585 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} that caused the red target to be rendered incorrectly when specifying offset coordinates to {% url "`.click()`" click %}.  Fixes {% issue 5635 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.6.0" changelog-3-6-0 %} that was causing an incorrect element to receive the `click` event during action commands. Fixes {% issue 5578 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} causing text after using modifier keys in {% url "`.type()`" type %} to not be typed. Fixes {% issue 5622 %}.
- Elements with `backface-visibility: hidden;` are now accounted for when asserting on the elemtent's visibility. Fixes {% issue 2985 %}.
- We fixed a bug where a failed Cypress commands would incorrectly throw `cannot read property 'replace' of undefined` if the error's stack was `undefined`. Fixes {% issue 1669 %}.
- The 'Log In' modal within Cypress when setting up a project now correctly closes when manually closed. Fixes {% issue 5631 %}.

**Misc:**

- We improved the user experience around inspecting events fired during {% url "`.click()`" click %} and {% url "`.type()`" type %} commands within the console. Addresses {% issue 5553 %}.
- We increased the timeout when connecting to the "Developer Tools Protocol" from 5 seconds to 20 seconds and also added logging for when the connection takes longer than 5 seconds. Addresses {% issue 5610 %}.
- There is no longer a warning about `Promise.defer` appearing in stderr when running with video recording enabled. Addresses {% issue 5611 %}.
- Types for {% url "`.rightclick()`" rightclick %} and {% url "`.dblclick()`" dblclick %} have been updated to correctly reflect their accepted options. Addresses {% issue 5617 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 5556 %}
