# 3.6.0

*Released 10/31/2019*

**Features:**

- {% url "`testFiles`" configuration#Folders-Files %} now also accepts an Array of glob patterns when specifying what test files to load in configuration. Addresses {% issue 5401 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where the maximum size of an HTTP header or body in a stubbed {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} was limited to 8kb causing requests to fail with a 431 HTTP error. Fixes {% issue 5431 %}.
- We fixed a bug where certain types of uncaught errors originating from the application under test would not route through the {% url "`uncaught:exception`" catalog-of-events#Uncaught-Exceptions %} handler, and thus could not caught and ignored. These errors will also now correctly indicate that they came from application code. Fixes {% issue 987 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} that would throw an error during `cypress verify` when running as a non-root user on a non-Windows machine. We now always set the `--no-sandbox` flag when verifying in Electron, even when running as a non-root user. Fixes {% issue 5434 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where sometimes cookies were not set on the correct URL during a redirect inside of a {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} or {% url "`cy.request()`" request %}. Fixes {% issue 5432 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} causing environment variables containing unicode values to be incorrectly resolved when read via {% url "`Cypress.env()`" env %}. Fixes {% issue 5435 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} that prevented use of `.click()` or `.type()` inside of an iframe element. Fixes {% issue 5449 %}. Fixes {% issue 5435 %}.
- We now throw the proper error message when an element cannot be interacted with due to being covered by an element with `position:fixed`. Fixes {% issue 5430 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} that caused some `click` events to not be sent to the correct elements during `.click()`. Fixes {% issue 5459 %}.
- We updated `.type()` to properly respect focus selection changes during typing. Fixes {% issue 5456 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} that caused selected text to be overwritten while typing a modifer key during `.type()`. Fixes {% issue 5439 %}.
- We now send all the proper events during `.type()` to input elements with type `date`, `time`, and `datetime-local` so that it now behaves as it did prior to {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %}. Fixes {% issue 5476 %}.
- We now properly render iframe placeholder content when previewing DOM snapshots. Fixes {% issue 5295 %}.

**Misc:**

- We no longer log the default option `{multiple: true}` in the Command Log or the console during {% url "`cy.dblclick()`" dblclick %}. Addresses {% issue 5406 %}.
- The text color of inactive tabs within the Cypress Chrome browser has been set to white for better readability. Addresses {% issue 1661 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Replaced `express-handlebars`  with `squirrelly` to reduce dependency size. Addressed in {% PR 5521 %}.
- Upgraded `graceful-fs` from `4.2.0` to `4.2.3`. Addressed in {% PR 5497 %}.
