# 3.7.0

*Released 11/27/2019*

**Features:**

- Cypress now includes the full list of browsers found and their properties within the Cypress configuration. This means that the `browsers` array is also {% url "editable within plugins by accessing `config.browsers`" launching-browsers#Customize-available-browsers %} via the {% url "Configuration API" configuration-api %}. The currently available browsers are also displayed within the {% url "configuration panel" configuration#Resolved-Configuration %} under Settings in the Test Runner. Addresses {% issue 5067 %}.
- Environment variables within GitHub Actions are now detected and passed to the Dashboard in order to display the proper {% url "git information" continuous-integration-introduction#Git-information %} for recorded runs. Addresses {% issue 5609 %}.
- {% url "`.its()`" its %} and {% url "`.invoke()`" invoke %} now support a Number for its `propertyName` and `functionName` arguments respectively. Addresses {% issue 5754 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where a {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} that changes superdomain would incorrectly clear cookies of other domains. Fixes {% issue 5756 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where cookies set in a redirect on a {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} or in a `cy.request` with a custom `Domain` that is not a subdomain of the current domain would fail to set. Fixes {% issue 5656 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} which caused {% url "`.type()`" type %} to send duplicate modifier keys. Fixes {% issue 5622 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.6.1" changelog-3-6-1 %} where {% url "cy.request()" request %} with `followRedirect: false` would fail if a `Set-Cookie` header was present in the response. Fixes {% issue 5654 %}.
- The context of `window` is no longer `undefined` within the application under test when called within a `setTimeout` during strict mode. Fixes {% issue 5707 %}.
- Cypress now captures the SHA of builds generated through Travis CI during pull requests. This should resolve issues with Cypress status checks sometimes not running within {% url "GitHub Integration" github-integration %}. Fixes {% issue 5728 %}.
- Cypress now automatically strips double quotes from {% url "`--ci-build-id`" command-line#cypress-run-ci-build-id-lt-id-gt %} and {% url "`group`" command-line#cypress-run-group-lt-name-gt %} flag arguments during `cypress run`. Fixes {% issue 5686 %}.
- Assertions printed in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} now correctly identify integers from string integers. Fixes {% issue 25 %}.
- Empty spaces are now accurately reflected in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} within assertions. Fixes {% issue 1360 %}.
- Keys printed in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} when using the `have.all.keys` assertion now correctly display. Fixes {% issue 753 %}.
- We fixed an issue where Cypress would throw an error when using {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} on a `cleverapp.io` domain. Fixes {% issue 5722 %}.
- Fixed a bug where fixtures consisting only of `null` would cause an error. Fixes {% issue 472 %}.
- Fixed a bug where, if the Test Runner child process is killed with a signal and does not exit normally, the npm CLI process would not exit with an error. Fixes {% issue 5808 %}.

**Misc:**

- Added a new, more specific error message when an item is not visible because it has `position: fixed` and is being overflowed over. Addresses {% issue 1379 %}.
- `cy.visit`s that cause a superdomain change will now result in 2 requests to the origin server. This should not affect tests, as tests will still re-run on a superdomain change. This is a side-effect of the fix for {% issue 5756 %}.
- The configuration object returned from the plugins file is now validated and will throw a helpful error message when invalid. Addresses {% issue 5712 %}.
- The {% url "configuration panel" configuration#Resolved-Configuration %} under Settings in the Test Runner now has a white background for better readability. Also each configuration option with nested properties is now collapsible. Addressed in {% PR 5068 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Updated the {% url "`its()`" its %} and {% url "`invoke()`" invoke %} doc to allow for arguments of type Number for their first argument.
- Documented {% url "how to pass in a custom list of browsers" launching-browsers#Customize-available-browsers %} using `config.browsers`.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `parse-domain` from `2.0.0` to `2.3.4`. Addressed in {% PR 5726 %}.
