# 3.8.0

*Released 12/12/2019*

**Features:**

- Chrome can now be run in headless mode by using `cypress run --headless --browser chrome`. Addresses {% issue 832 %}.
- Cypress now accepts a {% url "`--tag`" command-line#cypress-run-tag-lt-tag-gt %} argument to be used to identify separate runs. Any tags assigned will be shown on the run in the Cypress Dashboard. Addresses {% issue 2561 %}.
- The commands {% url "`.its()`" its %} and {% url "`.invoke()`" invoke %} now accept an `options` object to allow changing logging options. Addresses {% issue 1450 %}.
- Cypress will now attempt to use the `unzip` binary during `cypress install` before trying the slower, Node.js-based unzipping method. Addresses {% issue 3803 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where Cypress would crash on Windows when trying to pass a url through `--config` or `--env` command line flags. Fixes {% issue 5466 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where a supplied `Cookie` header during {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} or {% url "`cy.request()`" request %} would be overwritten by the `Cookie` header generated from the browser's cookie store. Fixes {% issue 5894 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where {% url "`cy.getCookie()`" getcookie %} would incorrectly filter cookies by their domain, leading to unexpected results. Fixes {% issue 5656 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where calling `.type({ force: true })` on hidden inputs would not type the correct characters. Fixes {% issue 5835 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where {% url "`.type()`" type %} was not respecting previous selections if the current value of the input was the same as the key. This also fixed an where {% url "`.type()`" type %} would not respect previous selections in non-selectionRange inputs (like email or number inputs). Fixes {% issue 5703 %}.
- During visibility checks, Cypress now properly evaluates a DOM element transformed by `scale(0)` or `rotateY(90deg)` as not visible. Fixes {% issue 723 %}.
- Fixed a bug where the specs list during `cypress open` would not refresh when files are changed on disk. Fixes {% issue 5933 %}.
- `env` configuration option displays properly within the settings panel. Previously, setting env options would incorrectly render `"undefined"` as the value. Fixes {% issue 5859 %}.

**Misc:**

- We removed the max viewport size and lowered min viewport size to `0` for {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} Addresses {% issue 5871 %} and {% issue 5892 %}.
- The Test Runner now shows a non-Chrome logo for {% url "browsers passed in via `config.browser`" launching-browsers#Customize-available-browsers %} that are not of the Chrome family. It also supports showing the Firefox logo (in preparation for Firefox browser support). Fixes {% issue 5745 %}.
- We updated the look of some of our icons. Addressed in {% PR 5822 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 5643 %}.
- `cy.request` will now automatically encode special characters in the request URL, including Unicode. Addresses {% issue 5274 %}.
- You can pass additional Electron launch command line arguments using environment variable `ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS`. Addresses {% issue 5807 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `electron` from `5.0.10` to `7.1.4`. This bumps the internal Node version to 12.8.1 and the internal Chromium version to 78.0.3904.113. Addressed in {% PR 5849 %}.
- Upgraded `ansi-escapes` from `4.2.1` to `4.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 5815 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-context-menu` from `0.11.0` to `0.15.1`. Addressed in {% PR 5495 %}.
