# 3.8.1

*Released 12/26/2019*

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a bug where {% url "`cypress run --headless`" command-line#cypress-run-headless %} would not run Chrome-family browsers headlessly. Fixes {% issue 5949 %}.
- We fixed an issue where, on some systems with IPv4 and IPv6 enabled, Cypress would fail to connect to the Chrome DevTools Protocol while launching Chrome, leading to test failures. Fixes {% issue 5912 %}.
- The strict cookie validation added in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} for {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %}, {% url "`cy.clearCookie()`" clearcookie %}, and {% url "`cy.getCookie()`" getcookie %} has been removed. Fixes {% issue 5642 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.8.0" changelog-3-8-0 %} where using {% url "`.type()`" type %} on number inputs to type non-number characters or the `{enter}` special character would not type the correct value. Fixes {% issue 5968 %} and {% issue 5997 %}.
- Configuration values set from the plugin file now display with the correct background color in the Configuration panel in the Test Runner Settings. Fixes {% issue 6024 %}.
- We removed the 'Me' and 'An Organization' selections in the Test Runner when setting up a project to more closely match the Dashboard UI. This also fixes an edge case where a user with no default organizations could potentially be unable to set up a project. Fixes {% issue 5954 %}.

**Misc:**

- We updated the fallback error message for visibility checks to be less confusing. Addresses {% issue 5982 %}.
- The type definitions for {% url "`cy.location()`" location %} have been improved. Addresses {% issue 5574 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `get-port` from `5.0.0` to `5.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 6004 %}.
- Upgraded `chrome-remote-interface` from `0.28.0` to `0.28.1`. Addressed in {% PR 6008 %}.
- Upgraded `which` from `1.3.1` to `2.0.2`. Addressed in {% PR 6017 %}.
- Upgraded `ansi_up` from `1.3.0` to `4.0.3`. Addressed in {% PR 4331 %}.
- Upgraded `jimp` from `0.6.4` to `0.9.3`. Addressed in {% PR 4331 %}.
