# 3.8.2

*Released 01/10/2020*

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.8.0" changelog-3-8-0 %} on Linux when `unzip` is not installed where the progress of `cypress install` would show up to 200%. Fixes {% issue 5967 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.7.0" changelog-3-7-0 %} that would prevent {% url "`.type()`" type %} from typing valid characters after invalid characters were typed in `type="number"` inputs. Fixes {% issue 6055 %}.
- Child elements of an element that uses both `transform` and `height` or `width` are now properly seen as visible during visiblity checks. Addresses {% issue 5974 %}.
- We now properly check backface visibility when the parents of a target element have the CSS style `transform-style: preserve-3d`. Fixes {% issue 5682 %}.
- DOM elements with a width or height of 0 and `overflow: hidden` are now properly calculated as invisible during visibility checks. Fixes {% issue 6093 %}.
- {% url "`.should()`" should %} and {% url "`.and()`" and %} commands with function arguments can now be chained with multiple assertions without throwing an error. Fixes {% issue 4981 %}.

**Misc:**

- We replaced the browser icons in the Test Runner with more official browser brand icons. Addresses {% issue 5921 %}.
- Messages from {% url "`cy.log()`" log %} are now truncated at 50 lines the Command Log instead of the 1 line. Addresses {% issue 5625 %}.
- We now capture GitLab CI's `CI_JOB_NAME` environment variable. Addressed in {% PR 6111 %}.
- Types for {% url "event emitters" catalog-of-events#Binding-to-Events %} `removeListener` and `removeAllListeners` have been added to `Cypress` and `cy`. Addresses {% issue 5228 %}.
- Types for the `runUrl` property returned from `cypress.run()` has been added. Addresses {% issue 6087 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 5947 %} and {% PR 6075 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `ansi_up` from `4.0.3` to `4.0.4`. Addressed in {% PR 6074 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `7.1.4` to `7.1.7`. Addressed in {% PR 6085 %}.
