# 4.0.0

*Released 2/3/2020*

**Summary:**

Cypress 4.0.0 includes support for {% url "Mozilla Firefox" https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/ %} and {% url "Microsoft Edge" https://www.microsoft.com/edge %} (Chromium based) browsers which is a big step forward for {% url "Cross Browser Testing" cross-browser-testing %} in Cypress. We've also updated many of the {% url "underlying tools" bundled-tools %} behind Cypress that bring new powerful features.

**Breaking Changes:**

**Please read our {% url "Migration Guide" migration-guide %} which explains the changes in more detail and how to change your code to migrate to Cypress 4.0.**

- The minimum Node.js version supported by Cypress is now Node 8. Addresses {% issue 5632 %}.
- Due to upgrading Mocha, invoking a `done` callback and returning a promise in a test now results in an error. Addresses {% issue 2528 %}.
- Chai has been upgraded which includes a number of breaking changes and new features. Addresses {% issue 2529 %}.
- Sinon.JS has been upgraded which includes a number of breaking changes and new features. Addresses {% issue 2866 %}.
- We updated the {% url "Cypress browser objects" browser-launch-api %} of all Chromium-based browsers, including Electron, to have `chromium` set as their `family` field. Addresses {% issue 6243 %}.
- The {% url "`--browser` flag" command-line#cypress-run-browser-lt-browser-name-or-path-gt %} no longer accepts a release candidate browser as its sole argument. You can now specify a specific release channel of a browser by prepending it with the browser name. Addresses {% issue 6243 %}.
- {% url "`cy.writeFile()`" writefile %} now yields `null` instead of the contents written to the file in order to more align with the behavior of `fs`. Addresses {% issue 2466 %}.
- Cypress no longer support CJSX. Addresses {% issue 3469 %}.

**Features:**

- {% url "Mozilla Firefox" https://www.mozilla.org/firefox/ %} browsers are now supported in Cypress. Addresses {% issue 1096 %}.
- {% url "Microsoft Edge" https://www.microsoft.com/edge %} (Chromium based) browsers are now supported in Cypress. Addresses {% issue 5433 %}.
- Appending `.only` to multiple test functions will now run all tests with the `.only` property. Addresses {% issue 2828 %}.
- The {% url "`isFinite` assertion" assertions %} is now supported. Addresses {% issue 5669 %}.
- The `empty` assertion is now supported when used against Map objects. Addresses {% issue 6072 %}.
- The `nested` chainer property is now supported. Addresses {% issue 3080 %} and {% issue 5004 %}.
- There is a new {% url "`Cypress.isBrowser()`" isbrowser %} command. Addresses {% issue 2023 %}.
- We updated the {% url "Cypress browser objects" browser-launch-api %} with a new `channel` field which contains the release channel of the detected browser.

**Bugfixes:**

- Cypress now correctly runs the test or suite appended with an `.only` when multiple tests or suites contained the same title. Fixes {% issue 5345 %}.
- The {% url "`.its()`" its %} command now properly supports 0 as a value for indexes or object keys. Fixes {% issue 6216 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Added {% url "Cross Browser Testing Guide" cross-browser-testing %} with helpful CI strategies to consider when running tests across multiple browsers.
- Added {% url "Migration Guide" migration-guide %} with tips to help migrate tests for use in Cypress 4.0.
- Updated {% url "Configuration" configuration %} page to include {% url "`firefoxGcInterval`" configuration#Global %} configuration.
- Added {% url "`Cypress.isBrowser()`" isbrowser %} command docs.
- Added `matchCase` option to {% url "`cy.contains()`" contains %}, and updated examples to reflect 4.0 migration.
- Added {% url "`.isFinite` assertion" assertions#TDD-Assertions%}.

**Misc:**

- We now pass through errors caused when attempting to read arguments passed through {% url "`config`" configuration-api %}. Addresses {% issue 6279 %}.
- We fixed a broken 'Learn more' link within the Node.js Version panel of the Test Runner Settings. Addresses {% issue 6237 %}.
- The browser icons in the Test Runner now display as images with the proper branding. Addresses {% issue 6188 %}.
- We updated the styling of browser dropdown in the Test Runner to look more like a button. Addresses {% issue 6298 %}.
- The timer in the Test Runner now always displays at a consistent length. Addresses {% issue 6168 %}.
- You can print debug information about the memory & CPU usage of Cypress, which can be accessed by enabling the {% url "`cypress:server:util:process_profiler` debug stream" debugging#Log-memory-and-CPU-usage %}. Addresses {% issue 6169 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Added `@benmalka/foxdriver`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/browserify-preprocessor` from `1.1.2` to `2.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4308 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `bluebird` from `3.5.0` to `3.7.2`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `cachedir` from `1.3.0` to `2.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4208 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `chai` from `3.5.0` to `4.2.0`. Addressed in {% PR 2862 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `chai-as-promised` from `6.0.0` to `7.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `chalk` from `2.4.0` to `3.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `commander` from `2.15.1` to `4.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4208 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `debug` from `2.15.1` to `4.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `execa` from `0.10.0` to `3.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Added `firefox-profiler`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Added `foxdriver`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Upgraded `fs-extra` from `5.0.0` to `8.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `getos` from `3.1.1` to `3.1.4`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `is-ci` from `1.2.1` to `2.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `is-installed-globally` from `0.1.0` to `0.3.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `mocha` from `2.5.3` to `7.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 2703 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `listr` from `0.12.0` to `0.14.3`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `log-symbols` from `2.2.0` to `3.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Added `marionette-client`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Upgraded `ramda` from `0.24.1` to `0.26.1`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `sinon` from `3.2.0` to `8.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 2881 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `strip-ansi` from `3.0.1` to `6.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Added `systeminformation`. Addressed in {% PR 1359 %}.
- Upgraded `support-colors` from `5.5.0` to `7.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4208 %} and {% PR 4226 %}.
- Upgraded `untildify` from `3.0.3` to `4.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 4226 %}.
