# 4.1.0

*Released 2/28/2020*

**Features:**

- There is a new `cypress info` command to see the locally detected browsers and other information related to Cypress. Addresses {% issue 4540 %}.
- You can now click a 'Try Again' button to recheck if the server at the designated `baseUrl` is running within the warning message during `cypress open`. Addresses {% issue 3284 %}.
- There are "collapse all" and "expand all" links in the Test Runner's "Tests" tab to collapse or expand all folders within the "Integration Tests". Addresses {% issue 6282 %}.
- The plugins file function's {% url "`config`" configuration-api %} argument now includes `projectRoot` (absolute path to the root of the project) and `configFile` (absolute path to the configuration file). Addresses {% issue 5941 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in {% url "4.0.2" changelog-4-0-2 %} where Cypress could throw a "Maximum call stack size exceeded" error when transmitting a circular object over the internal WebSocket. Fixes {% issue 6582 %}.
- We fixed an issue where using Chromium-family browsers could cause Cypress to throw a "WebSocket is not open: readyState 3" error under certain conditions. Fixes {% issue 5685 %}.
- We now more thoroughly ensure the parent of an element exists when recursively calling visibility and existence checks in order to prevent some maximum call stack errors. Fixes {% issue 4373 %}.
- We fixed an issue where a maximum call stack error would throw in some circumstances when `xhr.onreadystatechange` is accessed. Fixes {% issue 5864 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where typing into an iframe with a body element with the contenteditable attribute would throw an error. Fixes {% issue 5930 %}.
- We now set the default window size when running Chrome headlessly to 1280x720. Fixes {% issue 6210 %}.
- We fixed an issue where `cypress install` would not complete on Node.js 8.0.0. Fixes {% issue 6512 %} and {% issue 6568 %}.
- {% url "`cy.clearLocalStorage()`" clearlocalstorage %} now properly accepts the `log` option to disable logging. Fixes {% issue 6342 %}.

**Misc:**

- The error messages displayed when rerouting to a non same-origin domain has been updated to more accurately reflect the rules around same-origin policy. Addresses {% issue 6048 %}.
- We fixed an error message that would display the wrong available browser families during validation. Addressed in {% PR 6517 %}.
- We fixed some typos in some of our error messages. Addressed in {% PR 6508 %}.
- We're collecting more environment variables when running Cypress with GitLab CI. Addresses {% issue 6231 %}.
- The typing of `cy.$$` has been updated to distinguish differences between it and `Cypress.$`. {% url "More info here" $#Cypress-vs-cy %} Addresses {% issue 2027 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 6552 %}, {% PR 6523 %}, and {% PR 6545 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded `electron` from `7.1.10` to `7.1.13`. Addressed in {% PR 6566 %}.
