# 4.10.0

*Released 7/7/2020*

**Features:**

- You can open a `before`, `beforeEach`, `after`, and `afterEach` hook definition in your IDE from the Test Runner's {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} by clicking the **Open in IDE** button. Addresses {% issue 7793 %}.
- `before`, `beforeEach`, `after`, and `afterEach` hook definitions now display separately in the Test Runner's {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} when defined in separate hook definitions. Addresses {% issue 7779 %}.
- You can now open a spec file directly from the **Tests** tab in the Test Runner by clicking the **Open in IDE** button. Addresses {% issue 7713 %}

**Bugfixes:**

- HTTP requests taking longer than the default `responseTimeout` will no longer be prematurely canceled by the Cypress proxy layer. Fixes {% issue 6426 %}.
- Using Cypress commands to traverse the DOM on an application with a global `parent` variable will no longer throw Illegal Invocation errors. Fixes {% issue 6412 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalShadowDomSupport`" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} is enabled, using {% url "`.type()`" type %} on an input in the Shadow DOM will not result in an error. Fixes {% issue 7741 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalShadowDomSupport`" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} is enabled, checking for visibility on a shadow dom host element will no longer hang if the host element was the foremost element and had an ancestor with fixed position. Fixes {% issue 7893 %}.
- Debug logs from the `@benmalka/foxdriver` module will no longer appear if any `DEBUG` environment variable was set. Fixed {% issue 7723 %}.

**Misc:**

- We made some minor UI updates to the Test Runner. Addresses {% issue 7732 %} and {% issue 7803 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `recast` from `0.18.8` to `0.19.1`. Addressed in {% PR 7898 %}.
