# 4.11.0

*Released 7/21/2020*

**Features:**

- You can now pass an `ensureScrollability: false` option to {% url "`.scrollTo()`" scrollto %} to skip checking whether the element is scrollable. Addresses {% issue 1924 %}.
- {% url "`cy.clock()`" clock %} now accepts Dates as well as a Number for now. Fixes {% issue 7786 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Running multiple specs within Firefox during `cypress run` on Windows will no longer fail trying to make a connection to the browser. Fixes {% issue 6392 %}.
- Cypress will no longer throw a `Cannot read property 'isAttached' of undefined` error during `cypress run` on Firefox versions >= 75. Fixes {% issue 6813 %}.
- Fixed an issue where Cypress tests in Chromium-family browsers could randomly fail with the error "WebSocket is already in CLOSING or CLOSED state." Fixes {% issue 7180 %}.
- Taking a screenshot of an element that changes height upon scroll will no longer throw an `invalid for option "size"` error. Fixes {% issue 6099 %}.
- Setting `viewportHeight` or `viewportWidth` from within the {% url "test configuration" writing-and-organizing-tests#test-configuration %} now properly changes the viewport size for the duration of the suite or test.
- Setting deep objects and arrays on `config` within the `pluginsFile` now sets the values correctly. Fixes {% issue 7959 %}.
- The progress bar for `cy.wait()` now reflects the correct `requestTimeout` and `responseTimeout` of the command. Fixes {% issue 7881 %}.
- The command's progress bar will not longer restart when its parent test is collapsed in the Command Log. Fixes {% issue 7912 %}.
- Key value pairs sent to `ELECTRON_EXTRA_LAUNCH_ARGS` as `key=value` will now be properly read in. Fixes {% issue 7994 %}.
- Stubbed responses responding with an empty string to {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} now correctly display as 'xhr stub' in the Test Runner's Command Log. Fixes {% issue 8018 %}.
- Quickly reclicking the "Run All Tests" button in the Test Runners' Command Log will no longer throw errors about undefined properties and the tests will no longer hang. Fixes {% issue 7968 %}.

**Misc:**

- The error messages thrown from `pluginsFile` and `supportFile` now mention that `.ts` extensions are supported. Addresses {% issue 7940 %}.
- The style when focusing on tests in the Command Log has been updated. Addresses {% issue 7855 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `@benmalka/foxdriver` from `0.4.0` to `0.4.1`. Addressed in {% PR 8040 %}.
- Upgraded `firefox-profile` from `1.3.1` to `2.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8000 %}.
- Upgraded `fix-path` from `2.1.0` to `3.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8028 %}.
- Upgraded `human-interval` from `0.1.6` to `1.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8031 %}.
- Upgraded `lodash` from `4.17.15` to `4.17.19`. Addressed in {% PR 7954 %}.
- Upgraded `plist` from `2.1.0` to `3.0.1`. Addressed in {% PR 8045 %}.
- Upgraded `proxy-from-env` from `1.0.0` to `1.1.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7900 %}.
- Upgraded `resolve` from `1.13.1` to `1.17.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7989 %}.
- Upgraded `systeminformation` from `4.21.1` to `4.26.9`. Addressed in {% PR 7975 %}.
- Upgraded `uuid` from `3.3.2` to `8.2.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7976 %}, {% PR 8002 %}, and {% PR 8011 %}.
