# 4.12.0

*Released 8/3/2020*

**Features:**

- Now you can control whether screenshots are automatically taken on test failure during `cypress run` by setting {% url `screenshotOnRunFailure` configuration#Screenshots %} in your configuration. Addresses {% issue 5029 %}.
- The `pluginsFile` now has access to a readonly `version` property within the `config` object that returns the current Cypress version being run. This will allow plugins to better target specific Cypress versions. Addresses {% issue 6352 %}.
- During `cypress open`, you can now run a subset of all specs by {% url "entering a text search filter and clicking 'Run n tests'" writing-and-organizing-tests#Run-filtered-specs %}. Addresses {% issue 6581 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Values containing exponential operators passed to `--env` via the command line are now properly read. Fixes {% issue 6891 %}.
- Spec files containing `+` characters now properly run in Cypress. Fixes {% issue 5909 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, AST rewriting will no longer return an output before the body is done being written. This would happen when the response body was too large and the response would be sent while the body was still being modified. Fixes {% issue 8043 %}.
- When using the `fx` shortcut in {% url "`cy.route()`" route %}, an error is now thrown when the fixture file cannot be found. Fixes {% issue 7818 %}.
- Cypress no longer thrown `Cannot read property '__error' of null` error when passing a file containing `null` content to {% url "`cy.fixture()`" fixture %}. Fixes {% issue 8010 %}.
- The "Open in IDE" button no longer disappears from hooks when the tests are manually rerun. Fixes {% issue 8094 %}.
- When snapshotting the DOM, Cypress no longer causes `attributeChangedCallback` to be triggered on custom elements. Fixes {% issue 7187 %}.
- Applications using custom elements will no longer trigger infinite XHR request loops. Fixes {% issue 1068 %}.
- `position: fixed` elements that have a parent with `pointer-events: none` will now correctly evaluate as visible. Fixes {% issue 6675 %}.

**Misc:**

- Dependencies for our `cypress` npm package are no longer pinned to a specific version. This allows the use of `npm audit fix` to fix security vulnerabilities without needing a patch release from Cypress. Addresses {% issue 8046 %}.
- Types inside Module API are now accessible via the `CypressCommandLine` namespace. Addresses {% issue 7309 %}.
- We added more type definitions for the {% url "`.should()`" should %} command. Addresses {% issue 5573 %}.
- Cookie command's `expiry` property type is now a Number instead of a String. Addresses {% issue 8144 %}.
- There are some minor visual improvements to the Test Runner's Command Log when hovering, focusing and clicking on hook titles and pending tests. Addressed in {% PR 8153 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `jimp` from `0.13.0` to `0.14.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8102 %}.
- Upgraded `moment` from `2.26.0` to `2.27.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8122 %}.
