# 4.2.0

*Released 3/16/2020*

**Features:**

- Videos can now be recorded when running Electron in `--headed` mode. Addresses {% issue 1767 %}.
- {% url "`cypress cache list`" command-line#cypress-cache-list %} now prints the last time the cached binary was accessed for each version present. Addresses {% issue 6682 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.8.3" changelog-3-8-3 %} where HTTPS requests could experience slowdown. Fixes {% issue 6659 %}.
- We now detect some installations of Firefox that were previously undetected. Fixes {% issue 6669 %}.
- We fixed a race condition where an asynchronous error could fail to be caught when running the plugins file process. Fixes {% issue 6570 %}.
- We now more thoroughly ensure the parent of an element exists when recursively calling actionability checks in order to prevent some maximum call stack errors. Fixes {% issue 6707 %}.
- Specfiles containing `&` or `%` characters now correctly run instead of erroring. Fixes {% issue 4210 %}.
- We added support for running tests on Jira plugins even when Jira scripts were not minified. Fixes {% issue 1436 %}.
- We fixed a bug causing specs to hang after rerunning tests during `cypress open` when there was an exception if thrown in an `after` hook. Fixes {% issue 6619 %}.
- {% url "`cypress verify`" command-line#cypress-verify %} no longer incorrectly prints messaging about this being the first time using that Cypress version. Fixes {% issue 6607 %}.
- Screenshots no longer fail to be taken in Electron when Cypress `DEBUG` logs are enabled. Fixes {% issue 6662 %}.

**Misc:**

- A warning is now printed when setting the reserved key `CYPRESS_INTERNAL_ENV` to a non-production value. Addresses {% issue 6436 %}.
- When DEBUG logs are printed from `cypress:launcher`, they now print a clearer log during browser detection for easier reading. Addresses {% issue 6700 %}.
- The Test Runner now renders ANSI colors when there is a syntax error in the spec file. Addresses {% issue 6533 %}.
- The Test Runner now has an icon indicating whether the specs list parent folder is collapsed.  Addresses {% issue 6277 %}.
- There's better type information for {% url "`.click`" click %}, {% url "`.dblclick`" dblclick %}, and {% url "`.rightclick`" rightclick %} command's `position` argument. Addresses {% issue 6341 %}.
- There's a more robust type signature for {% url "`.its()`" its %} and {% url "`.invoke()`" invoke %}. Addresses {% issue 6431 %}.
- Using {% url "`Cypress.dom.isDetached`" dom#Is-detached %} no longer throws a type error in TypeScript projects. Addresses {% issue 4408 %}.
- Using {% url "`cy.clearLocalStorage({ log:false })`" clearlocalstorage %} no longer throws a type error in TypeScript projects. Addresses {% issue 6615 %}.
- We added types for {% url "`Cypress.sinon`" sinon %}. Addresses {% issue 6720 %}.
- We've added the foundational work required to support experimental features in the Test Runner. Addresses {% issue 6257 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded Chrome browser version used during `cypress run` and when selecting Electron browser in `cypress open` from `78` to `80`. Addressed in {% PR 6555 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `7.1.13` to `8.1.1`. This bumps the bundled Chromium to 80.0.3987.141 and the bundled Node to 12.13.0. Addressed in {% PR 6555 %}.
- Upgraded `@ffmpeg-installer/ffmpeg` from `1.0.19` to `1.0.20`. Addressed in {% PR 6686 %}.
- Upgraded `minimist` from `1.2.0` to `1.2.2`. Addressed in {% PR 6726 %}.
- Replaced deprecated `request` with `cypress-io/request`. Addressed in {% PR 6679 %}.
