# 4.3.0

*Released 3/30/2020*

**Features:**

- {% url "Errors shown in the Test Runner" debugging#Errors %} have a new design including an expandable stack trace, better highlighting of code elements, and 'Learn more' links that link to relevant Cypress documentation. This is part of our larger improvements to error display with more exciting features to come. Addresses {% issue 3762 %}.
- When you open a Cypress project, clicking on the **Settings** tab and clicking into the **Experiments** panel will display the {% url "experimental features" configuration#Experiments %} that are available and whether they are enabled for your project.
- Added support for setting cookie `sameSite` values via `cy.setCookie()`. Addresses {% issue 2437 %}.
- Added experimental support for adding `sameSite` values to the objects yielded from {% url "`cy.setCookie()`" setcookie %}, {% url "`cy.getCookie()`" getcookie %}, and {% url "`cy.getCookies()`" getcookies %}. Users can enable this by setting the {% url "`experimentalGetCookiesSameSite`" configuration#Experiments %} configuration value to `true`. In Cypress 5, this will be the default. Addresses {% issue 2437 %}.
- Added support for the `SameSite` cookie attribute in `cy.request()`, `cy.visit()`, and proxied HTTP requests. Addresses {% issue 6757 %}.
- When an assertion is retried (using {% url "`.should()`" should %}) and fails, it now shows the diff in the `stdout`. Addresses {% issue 6722 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in {% url "4.2.0" changelog-4-2-0 %} where cypress installation could fail if Git is not installed. Fixes {% issue 6752 %}.
- Fixed a regression in {% url "3.5.0" changelog-3-5-0 %} where certain HTTP requests could fail with `Parse Error: Invalid header value char` or `Parse Error: Header overflow`. Fixes {% issue 5602 %}.
- Fixed a regression in {% url "4.2.0" changelog-4-2-0 %} where Electron deprecation warnings were printed to stderr in open mode. Fixes {% issue 6750 %}.
- Cookies set with a Domain containing an unknown TLD are now sent along for all requests. For example, a cookie like `foo=bar; Domain=.cypress.test` will now be sent during {% url "cy.request()" request %} to `http://local.cypress.test`. Fixes {% issue 6628 %}.
- We fixed a situation where a cross-origin errors could incorrectly throw in Chrome. Fixes {% issue 5270 %}.
- Visibility checks against `vue-fragment` elements no longer throw an unexpected error. Fixes {% issue 6745 %}.
- The stack trace is now properly shown in the console when clicking the command for tests having an `.only` that throw an error. Fixes {% issue 6744 %}.
- `firefoxGcInterval` can now correctly be set to `null`. Fixes {% issue 6825 %}.
- Cypress will no longer crash the process if an empty video chunk is received. Addressed in {% PR 6818 %}.
- Assertions failures on DOM elements no longer show unexpected diffs when they weren't retried. Fixes {% issue 6723 %}.

**Misc:**

- Security warnings no longer show in Mac OS when opening Cypress since our application now undergoes notarization from Apple. Addresses {% issue 5791 %}.
- The previously used spec filter in the Test Runner is now saved and restored for projects without an ID.Addresses {% issue 6739 %}.
- We collect more env information from Travis builds for potential use in the Cypress Dashboard. Addresses {% issue 6808 %}.
- We now collect env information from Netlify builds (for example when using {% url "cypress-io/netlify-plugin-cypress" https://github.com/cypress-io/netlify-plugin-cypress %}) to send along to the Cypress Dashboard. Addresses {% issue 6780 %}.
- Type added for `tag` property when using Module API. Addresses {% issue 6795 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 6833 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded Chrome browser version used during `cypress run` and when selecting Electron browser in `cypress open` from `80.0.3987.141` to `80.0.3987.158`. Addressed in {% PR 6855 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `8.1.1` to `8.2.0`. This bumps the bundled Chromium to `80.0.3987.158`. Addressed in {% PR 6855 %}.
- Upgraded `@benmalka/foxdriver` from `0.2.3` to `0.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 6592 %}.
- Upgraded `@cypress/get-windows-proxy` from `1.6.0` to `1.6.1`. Addressed in {% PR 6823 %}.
- Upgraded `execa` from `1.0.0` to `4.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 6013 %}.
- Upgraded `extract-zip` from `1.6.7` to `1.7.0`. Addresses {% issue 6845 %} in {% PR 6845 %}.
- Upgraded `firefox-profile` from `1.3.0` to `1.3.1`. Addressed in {% PR 6594 %}.
- Upgraded `get-port` from `5.1.0` to `5.1.1`. Addressed in {% PR 6854 %}.
- Upgraded `mime` from `1.6.0` to `2.4.4`. Addressed in {% PR 6764 %}.
- Upgraded `minimist` from `1.2.2` to `1.2.5`. Addressed in {% PR 6747 %}.
- Upgraded `squirrelly` from `7.7.0` to `7.9.2`. Addressed in {% PR 6735 %}.
