# 4.6.0

*Released 5/20/2020*

**Features:**

- {% url "Errors" debugging#Errors %} in the Test Runner now display a code frame to preview where the failure occurred with the relevant file, line number, and column number highlighted. Clicking on the file link will open the file in your {% url "preferred file opener" IDE-integration#File-Opener-Preference %} and highlight the line and column in editors that support it. Addresses {% issue 3762 %}.
- Cypress now utilizes {% url "source maps" debugging#Source-maps %} to enhance the error experience. Stack traces are translated so that your source files are shown instead of the generated file that is loaded by the browser. Cypress will include an inline source map in your spec file. If you {% url "modify the preprocessor" preprocessors-api %}, ensure that inline source maps are enabled to get the same experience. Users of `@cypress/webpack-preprocessor` should upgrade to v5.4.1 or later of the package which will correctly inline source maps. Addresses {% issue 881 %}, {% issue 1761 %} and {% issue 3966 %}.
- Cypress now enables AST-based JS/HTML rewriting when setting the {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} configuration option to `true`. Addresses {% issue 5273 %}.
- Number arguments passed to `have.text`, `have.id`, `have.data`, `have.value`, and `have.attr` {% url "assertions chainers" assertions#Chai-jQuery %} are now automatically cast to strings for comparison. Addresses {% issue 7314 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Default {% url "TypeScript" typescript-support %} options are now set to `module: commonJS` which Node.js and the browser expect. This fixes a situation where setting a different module in a `tsconfig.json` would cause errors to throw if you had `export`, `import` or `async` keywords in your code. Fixes {% issue 7005 %}, {% issue 7011 %}, {% issue 7043 %}, and {% issue 7151 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, setting `location` or `location.href` to a relative href, or using `location.replace` or `location.assign` with a relative href will no longer navigate the AUT to the wrong URL. Fixes {% issue 3975 %} and {% issue 3994 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, the use of `window.top` and `window.parent` will no longer cause the AUT to break out of the Cypress iframe. Fixes {% issue 5271 %} and {% issue 1467 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, calls to `window.frames`, `window.parent.frames`, and other `frames` will no longer point to the wrong reference after being proxied through Cypress. Fixes {% issue 2664 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, scripts using the `integrity` attribute for sub-resource integrity (SRI) will now load after being proxied through Cypress. Fixes {% issue 2393 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, the use of `document.location` to set the URL will no longer navigate the AUT to the wrong URL. Fixes {% issue 7402 %}.
- Type definitions will no longer conflict when running Cypress in a project with Jest. Fixes {% issue 3536 %}.
- We increased the timeout for launching Firefox from 2.5 seconds to 50 seconds. Previously, users hitting this limit would encounter a "cannot open socket" error; now, the error will be wrapped. Fixes {% issue 7159 %}.
- {% url "`.click`" click %} will now click in the correct coordinates when either x or y coordinate options are zero. Fixes {% issue 7319 %}.
- Cypress no longer displays `onError is not a function` when a browser can't connect. Fixes {% issue 7217 %}.
- You can now pass the `force: true` option to {% url "`.select()`" select %} to select options within a disabled `<select>`. Addresses {% issue 107 %}.
- We now throw an error when attempting to {% url "`.select()`" select %} an `<option>` within a disabled `<optgroup>`. Fixes {% issue 7226 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.3.0" changelog-4-3-0 %} where the message output during errors were not formatted correctly. Fixes {% issue 6924 %}.
- Using {% url "`Cypress._.capitalize`" _ %} now correctly behaves the same as Lodash's capitalize method. Fixes {% issue 7222 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalComponentTesting`" experiments#Component-Testing %} is enabled, clicking on a component spec now watches the correct file without assuming it is an integration file. Fixes {% issue 7244 %}.
- Firefox video recording no longer crashes Cypress when running very short spec files. Fixes {% issue 6408 %}.
- Applications containing a DOM element with an id attribute containing 'jquery' will no longer throw an error during {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %}. Fixes {% issue 6193 %}.
- Long errors generated when compiling or bundling the test file are now horizontally scrollable. Fixes {% issue 6898 %}.

**Misc:**

- Cypress no longer requires write access to the root of the project, it instead will display a warning when no write access is given. Addresses {% issue 1281 %}.
- We increased the timeout for launching Chrome from 20 seconds to 50 seconds. Addressed in {% PR 7372 %}.
- We increased the timeout for macOS or Linux to exit from a `--version` command when looking for available browsers from 5 seconds to 30 seconds. Addressed in {% PR 7366 %}.
- We improved error handling when Cypress launches Chromium-family browsers. Addresses {% issue 6518 %}.
- We now export `Cypress.ConfigOptions` types as a partial of the full options interface. Addresses {% issue 7238 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 7162 %}, {% PR 7216 %}, {% PR 7227 %}, {% PR 7320 %}, {% PR 7232 %}, and {% PR 7345 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `@cypress/browserify-preprocessor` from `2.2.2` to `2.2.3`. Addressed in {% PR 7291 %}.
- Upgraded `cookie-parser` from `1.4.4` to `1.4.5`. Addressed in {% PR 7389 %}.
- Upgraded `cypress-multi-reporters` from `1.2.4` to `1.4.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7431 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `8.2.3` to `8.3.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7236 %} and {% PR 7387 %}.
- Upgraded `image-size` from `0.7.4` to `0.8.3`. Addressed in {% PR 7236 %}.
- Upgraded `jimp` from `0.9.3` to `0.12.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7408 %}.
- Upgraded `return-deep-diff` from `0.3.0` to `0.4.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7292 %}.
