# 4.8.0

*Released 6/8/2020*

**Features:**

- You can now apply certain {% url "test configuration" configuration#Test-Configuration %} for the duration of a suite or test by passing a configuration object to the test or suite as the second argument. Addresses {% issue 7167 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.isBrowser()`" isbrowser %} has been expanded to allow for new matcher arguments to assist in filtering matching browsers. Addresses {% issue 7168 %}.
- We now display the currently running file at the top of the Test Runner's Command Log. {% url "That file can be opened" test-runner#Open-files-in-your-IDE %} in your {% url "preferred file opener" IDE-integration#File-Opener-Preference %} by clicking the file. Addresses {% issue 7506 %}.
- We added experimental shadow DOM support through the {% url "`experimentalShadowDomSupport`" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} option. See the {% url "Experiments page" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} for more information. Addresses {% issue 144 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Upon domain navigation, `before` and `after` hooks defined in completed suites no longer erroneously rerun. Fixes {% issue 1987 %}.
- Errors thrown within root level `after` hooks now correctly display in the Test Runner's Command Log. Fixes {% issue 2296 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.6.0" changelog-4-6-0 %} where an XHR response without a body would cause Cypress to throw `Cannot read property '__error' of null`. Fixes {% issue 7518 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.6.0" changelog-4-6-0 %} where using {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to an authenticated URL would error with `Request cannot be constructed from a URL that includes credentials: /__cypress/runner/./wasm/mappings.wasm` Fixes {% issue 7481 %}.
- We now properly load code from the `pluginsFile` or `supportFile` when they are TypeScript files. Fixes {% issue 7459 %}.
- utf-8 characters now properly display within error code frames. Fixes {% issue 7507 %}.
- Errors thrown in a {% url "`cy.on('fail', fn)`" catalog-of-events#Cypress-Events %} fail handler now display a stack trace and code frame pointing to the origin of the error. Fixes {% issue 7512 %}.
- {% url "`.click()`" click %} now properly clicks on wrapped inline elements when the first child element in the parent element has no width or height. Fixes {% issue 7343 %} and {% issue 7012 %}.
- {% url "`cy.wrap()`" wrap %} now properly respects the `timeout` option. It also better handles situations when passed a promise that never resolves. Fixes {% issue 5980 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalSourceRewriting`" experiments %} is enabled, Cypress will no longer exit with SIGABRT in certain situations. Fixes {% issue 7572 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "3.8.0" changelog-3-8-0 %} where the "Tests" button in the Test Runner wouldn't take you back to the tests list in all browsers. Fixes {% issue 5948 %}.
- Using the `S` shortcut during {% url "`.pause()`" pause %} no longer does anything. This prevents the Test Runner from getting into a 'stuck' state. Fixes {% issue 6867 %}.

**Misc:**

- The design of errors and some iconography displayed in the Test Runner's Command Log have been updated. Addresses {% issue 7499 %}, {% issue 7542 %} and {% issue 7563 %}.
- The commands in the Test Runner's Command Log now display in the same casing as the original command. Addresses {% issue 5773 %}.
- The navigation links in the Test Runner now display the correct CSS styles when focused. Addresses {% issue 7491 %}.
- {% url "`Cypress.config()`" config %} now has TypeScript types for the `taskTimeout` option. Addresses {% issue 7531 %}.
- TypeScript types for {% url "`cy.screenshot()`" screenshot %} options and {% url "`Cypress.log()`" cypress-log %} have been updated to be more accurate. Addresses {% issue 7445 %}.
- TypeScript types for `Cypress.automation` have been added. Addresses {% issue 7519 %}.
- We now display a more accurate error message when passing a browser to the `--browser` flag that is not supported by Cypress. Addresses {% issue 6979 %}.
- We're continuing to make progress in converting our codebase from CoffeeScript to JavaScript. Addresses {% issue 2690 %} in {% PR 7588 %} and {% PR 7591 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `chrome-remote-interface` from `0.28.1` to `0.28.2`. Addressed in {% PR 7615 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `8.3.0` to `8.3.1`. Addressed in {% PR 7599 %}.
