# 4.9.0

*Released 6/23/2020*

**Features:**

- An animated progress bar now displays on every command in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} indicating how long the command has left to run before reaching its command timeout. Addresses {% issue 7642 %}.
- There is now an {% url "`experimentalFetchPolyfill`" experiments %} configuration option. When this option is `true`, Cypress will automatically replace `window.fetch` with a polyfill that Cypress can spy on and stub. Addresses {% issue 7710 %}.
- You can now pass a `--quiet` flag to {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} to silence any Cypress specific output from stdout. Addresses {% issue 7714 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- {% url "`cy.wait()`" wait %} now correctly resolves when waiting for XHR requests that contain resource-like text in the XHR's query params or hash (like `.js`, .`html`, `.css`). {% issue 7280 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.6.0" changelog-4-6-0 %} where errors thrown from the application under test as strings would not be correctly handled. Fixes {% issue 7590 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.8.0" changelog-4-8-0 %} where {% url "`.click()`" click %} would hang if the subject had a shadow root and {% url "`experimentalShadowDomSupport`" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} was not enabled. Fixes {% issue 7679 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.6.0" changelog-4-6-0 %} so that {% url "`.should('have.value')`" should %} now properly asserts against `<progress>`, `<meter>` or `<li>` element's values. Fixes {% issue 7603 %}.
- Cypress no longer responds with 413 responses during a recorded `cypress run` when the stdout is too large. Fixes {% issue 7548 %}.
- We fixed an issue where Cypress could exit successfully even with failing tests when launched in global mode. Fixes {% issue 7755 %}.
- Assertion logs now properly display as parent commands in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} regardless of what is in the `beforeEach` hook. Fixes {% issue 7731 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalShadowDomSupport`" experiments#Shadow-DOM %} is enabled, querying shadow dom in certain situations will no longer cause the error `Cannot read property 'length' of undefined` during `cypress run`. Fixes {% issue 7676 %}.
- Highlighting of elements upon hover of a command in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} are now visible when targeting absolute positioned elements. Fixes {% issue 7762 %}.
- {% url "`cypress run`" command-line#cypress-run %} will no longer crash when provided an empty string to the `--project` flag. Fixes {% issue 7743 %}.

**Misc:**

- There is now a loading state to indicate when tests are loading in the {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %}. Addresses {% issue 7700 %}.
- The type definitions for `fixturesFolder`, `pluginsFile`, `screenshotsFolders` and `videoCompression` have been updated to allow `false` TypeScript types. Addresses {% issue 7654 %}.
- The type definitions for `cy.wait(ms)` now correctly yield the type of the previous subject. Addresses {% issue 7682 %}.
- The type definitions now allow for the 'key' keyword when chaining off 'any' or 'all' assertion chainers. Addresses {% issue 7665 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `arch` from `2.1.1` to `2.1.2`. Addressed in {% PR 7672 %}.
- Upgraded `eventemitter2` from `4.1.2` to `6.4.2`. Addressed in {% PR 7705 %} and {% PR 7707 %}.
- Upgraded `getos` from `3.1.1` to `3.2.1`. Addressed in {% PR 7685 %}.
- Upgraded `is-installed-globally` from `0.1.0` to `0.3.2`. Addressed in {% PR 7703 %}.
- Upgraded `jimp` from `0.12.0` to `0.13.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7618 %}.
- Upgraded `moment` from `2.24.0` to `2.26.0`. Addressed in {% PR 7718 %}.
- Upgraded `signal-exit` from `3.0.2` to `3.0.3`. Addressed in {% PR 7738 %}.
