# 5.1.0

*Released 8/31/2020*

**Features:**

- Introducing *experimental* full network stubbing support 🎉.
  - With `experimentalNetworkStubbing` enabled, the `cy.route2` command is available.
  - By using {% url `cy.route2()` route2 %}, your tests can intercept, modify, and wait on any type of HTTP request originating from your app, including `XMLHttpRequest`s, `fetch` requests, beacons, and subresources (like iframes and scripts).
  - Outgoing HTTP requests can be modified before reaching the destination server, and the HTTP response can be intercepted as well before it reaches the browser.
  - See the {% url `cy.route2()` route2 %} docs for more information on how to enable this experiment.
- `cy.trigger()` now accepts an `eventConstructor` option for specifying the constructor with which to create the event to trigger. Addresses {% issue 5650 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Improved warnings for when user is exceeding test limits of the free Dashboard plan. Addresses {% issue 8409 %}.
- Added `retries` to `TestOptions` types. Addresses {% issue 8405 %}.
- Added types for `specType` field on `Cypress.spec`. Addresses {% issue 8256 %}.
- Fixed a typo in type definitions. Addresses {% issue 8417 %}.
- Cypress now resolves and loads tsconfig.json for TypeScript projects starting from the plugins directory. Addresses {% issue 8359 %}.
- Fixed an issue where, if npm config's `noproxy` is set, unexpected behavior could occur. Addresses {% issue 8287 %}.
- Fixed an issue where nesting hooks within other hooks caused the test to never finish. Addresses {% issue 8350 %}.
- Fixed an issue in where tests would unexpectedly fail with a "Can't resolve 'async_hooks'" error. Addresses {% issue 8375 %}.
- Fixed an issue where return values from blob utils were mistaken for promises and could cause errors. Addresses {% issue 8365 %}.
- Fixed an issue with loading `.mjs` files. Addresses {% issue 8361 %}.
- Fixed an issue causing tests to run slowly in Electron. Addresses {% issue 7930 %}.
- Using `.should` with only chainer assertions will now throw an error. Addresses {% issue 883 %}.
- `cy.trigger()` now includes the `view` property in the event object when appropriate. Addresses {% issue 3686 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Updated dependency `iconv-lite` to version `0.6.2`. Addresses {% issue 8387 %}.
- Updated dependency `command-exists` to version `1.2.9`. Addresses {% issue 8388 %}.
- Updated dependency `electron` to version `9.2.1`. Addresses {% issue 8436 %}.
