# 5.2.0

*Released 9/14/2020*

**Features:**

- Added the configuration option `includeShadowDom` for enabling shadow DOM querying globally, per-suite, per-test, or programmatically. Addresses {% issue 8442 %}.
- Added a `followRedirect` option to request interception with `cy.route2()`, allowing redirects to be followed before continuing to response interception. Addresses {% issue 7967 %}.
- Added the capability to specify `delayMs` and `throttleKbps` when stubbing static responses with `cy.route2()`. Addresses {% issue 7661 %}.
- Installing Cypress pre-releases no longer requires setting the `CYPRESS_BINARY_INSTALL` environment variable. Addresses {% issue 8482 %}.

**Performance Improvements:**

- Fixed a performance issue which led to CPU bottlenecking during Cypress runs. Addresses {% issue 8012 %} and {% issue 8297 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue where using TypeScript path aliases in the plugins file would error. Addresses {% issue 8555 %}.
- Fixed an issue where using `cy.contains()` within a shadow root would not yield the correct element. Addresses {% issue 8494 %}.
- Fixed an issue where querying the shadow DOM in a `cy.within()` callback would throw the error `root.getRootNode is not a function`. Addresses {% issue 8478 %}.
- Fixed an issue with `cy.type()` `{moveToStart}/{moveToEnd}` special characters moving the cursor to the current line instead of the entire text editable when typing in a `contenteditable` element. Addresses {% issue 8465 %}.
- Fixed an issue where typing into a manually-focused number input would prepend the number instead of appending it. Addresses {% issue 7170 %}.
- `cy.type()` now fires a `KeyboardEvent` event instead of an `Event` event. Addresses {% issue 6125 %} and {% issue 5650 %}.
- Fixed long selectors in the selector playground text input overflowing other page elements. Addresses {% issue 8247 %} and {% issue 4184 %}.
- Fixed an issue where assertions on `cy.getCookie()` would be called twice. Addresses {% issue 6672 %}.
- Fixed an issue that caused the "Open in IDE" button on hooks and tests not to appear in Firefox. Addresses {% issue 8257 %}.
- Fixed an issue causing Cypress to hang on test retry in run mode with certain assertions. Addresses {% issue 8363 %}.


**Documentation Changes:**

- Fixed examples of delaying and throttling responses with `cy.route2()`. Addresses {% issue 8489 %}.
- Added examples of using a response function with `cy.route2()`. Addresses {% issue 8468 %}.
- Removed unmaintained languages. English docs is the only supported language by the Cypress team. We greatly appreciate the contributions from the community for other languages, but these docs are largely stale, unmaintained, and partial. The Cypress team will seek out more scalable docs internalization implementation in the future.

**Misc:**

- The `experimentalShadowDomSupport` configuration flag has been removed. It is no longer necessary to enable shadow DOM testing.
- Improved the error message when the subject provided to `cy.shadow()` is not a shadow host. Addresses {% issue 8530 %}.
- Improved the error message when the Cypress binary is not executable. It now recommends trying to clear the cache and re-install. Addresses {% issue 8397 %}.
- Added missing type declarations for the `cy.route2()` command.
- Updated the type declaration for `Cypress.Commands.add()`, adding `Promise` to the list of allowed return types.  Addresses {% issue 7807 %}.
