# 5.3.0

*Released 9/28/2020*

**Features:**

- Firefox support is now out of beta! 🎉 Firefox 80 and newer are now officially stable when used with Cypress. Addresses {% issue 8241 %}.
  - Versions of Firefox older than 80 can still be used, but will be subject to the `firefoxGcInterval` workaround. The desktop GUI will display a warning if such versions are used.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a bug where {% url "`cy.route2()`" http %} would not automatically JSONify an empty array handler. Addresses {% issue 8532 %}.
- Fixed a bug where objects yielded by using `cy.wait` on a {% url "`cy.route2()`" http %} alias would not always have a `response` property. Addresses {% issue 8536 %}.
- Fixed an issue where {% url "`cy.route2()`" http %} routes would not be able to intercept requests to HTTPS destinations on a different origin. Addresses {% issue 8487 %}.
- Fixed an issue where subjects became `undefined` after certain assertion failures. Addresses {% issue 5763 %}.
- Fixed an issue where a `cy.task` with no arguments passed would receive `null` as the first argument instead of `undefined`. Addresses {% issue 5913 %}.
- Fixed an issue preventing users from passing the config-file argument when starting cypress through the node module API. Addresses {% issue 8632 %}.
- Fixed an issue where `cy.visit()`s to a relative URL containing `..` would not work. Addresses {% issue 5090 %}.
- Fixed an issue where Mocha hooks could still be triggered after the Test Runner was manually stopped. Addresses {% issue 8621 %}.
- Fixed an issue where `cy.setCookie` failed when given a cookie name with a `__Host-` prefix. Addresses {% issue 8261 %}.
- Fixed an issue where a misleading error was displayed when test code threw an exception with a non-`Error` object. Addresses {% issue 7870 %}.

**Misc:**

- The proxy now omits the `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` header the same way that it does for `Content-Security-Policy`. Addresses {% issue 7936 %}.
- Added a `status` property to `CypressRunResult` objects. Addresses {% issue 8580 %}.
- Updated types to no longer use deprecated Mocha interfaces. Addresses {% issue 5795 %}.
- Passing an empty string to `CYPRESS_INSTALL_BINARY` now takes precedence over npm config. Addresses {% issue 8488 %}.
