# 5.4.0

*Released 10/13/2020*

**Features:**

- You can now run {% url "`cypress cache prune`" command-line#cypress-cache-prune %} to delete all installed Cypress versions from the cache except for the currently-installed version. Addresses {% issue 5972 %}.
- There's a new `--size` option for the {% url "`cypress cache list`" command-line#cypress-cache-list %} command that prints the sizes of the Cypress cache folders. Addresses {% issue 6404 %}.
- For video recordings of runs, there is now a video chapter key for each test. If your video player supports chapters, you can move to the start of each test right away. Addresses {% issue 3626 %}.
- In Windows, you can now append the browser type to the end of the path passed to the `--browser` flag, like `cypress open --browser C:/User/App/browser.exe:chrome`, to help detect the browser type. Addresses {% issue 6389 %}.
- {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} has new `iphone-7`, `iphone-8`, and `iphone-se2` presets. Addressed in {% issue 8624 %}
- When there is a new version of Cypress available, the update modal has a new design with 'copy to clipboard' buttons to copy the upgrade commands. Addressed in {% issue 8751 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression in {% url "5.0.0" changelog-5-8-0 %}  where the `chromeWebSecurity` option had no effect in Electron. Fixes {% issue 8399 %}.
- Tests will no longer hang and now properly throw when there is an error thrown from a `test:after:run` event listener. Fixes {% issue 2271 %} and {% issue 8701 %}.
- When a command is chained after {% url "`.within()`" within %} and {% url "`cy.get()`" %} is called inside it, the scope will no longer permanently change. Fixes {% issue 2106 %}, {% issue 4672 %}, {% issue 4757 %}, and {% issue 5183 %}.
- Dual commands like {% url "`cy.contains()`" contains %} when used after an {% url "`.each()`" each %} commands now query as expected. Fixes {% issue 4921 %}.
- `/` is no longer added to the URL when `baseUrl` has param(s). Fixes {% issue 2101 %}.
- When using {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} the route handler timeouts will no longer leak into other tests and cause random failures. Addressed in {% issue 8727 %}.
- Re-running failed build steps in Bitbucket will no longer create a new run on the Cypress Dashboard. Fixes {% issue 8720 %}.
- The forced garbage collection timer will no longer display when using a version of Firefox newer than 80. Fixes {% issue 8725 %}.
- The browser dropdown is no longer covered when opened from the Runs tab in the Test Runner. Fixed in {% issue 8745 %}.

**Misc:**

- Improved type definitions for {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %}. Addresses {% issue 8694 %} and {% issue 8782 %}.
- The Test Runner now shows an indicator in the footer if there is a new version available. Addressed in {% issue 8702 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded Chrome browser version used during `cypress run` and when selecting Electron browser in `cypress open` from `83` to `85`. Addressed in {% PR 8406 %}.
- Upgraded bundled Node.js version from `12.14.1` to `12.16.3`. Addressed in {% PR 8406 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `9.2.1` to `10.1.3`. Addressed in {% PR 8406 %}.
- Upgraded `firefox-profile` from `2.0.0` to `4.0.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8786 %}.
- Upgraded `node-forge` from `0.9.0` to `0.10.0`. Addressed in {% PR 8800 %}.
