# 5.5.0

*Released 10/26/2020*

**Features:**

- {% url "`cy.viewport()`" viewport %} has a new `macbook-16` preset. Addresses {% issue 8889 %}.
- {% url "`.type()`" type %} now fires the `beforeInput` event during typing. *Note: Firefox does not support the `beforeinput` event*. Addresses {% issue 7088 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Updated the Cypress proxy layer to proxy HTTPS traffic from non-AUT origins. Addressed in {% issue 8827 %}.
  - This fixed an issue with {% url "`cy.route2`" route2 %} where HTTPS requests to a non-AUT origin would not be intercepted as expected.
- {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} now properly handles passing a method as its first argument. Fixes {% issue 8729 %}.
- Fixed an issue with {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} where a "Cannot set property response of undefined" error would occasionally occur. Fixes {% issue 8858 %}.
- Headers field names passed to {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} now case-insensitively match against the field names of incoming HTTP requests. Fixes {% issue 8921 %}.
- Routes that stub fixtures for binary resources (including images) made with {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} now serve the correct mime-type and content. Fixes {% issue 8623 %}.
- When {% url "`experimentalNetworkStubbing`" experiments %} is enabled, using {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} to URLs that redirect and set Transfer-Encoding: chunked will no longer fail in Cypress with a "Parse Error". Fixes {% issue 8497 %}.
- `cypress.run()` through the {% url "Module API" module-api %} now has a `status` property in the results matching the correct CLI types (`"failed"` or `"finished"`). Addresses {% issue 8799 %}.
- When a value containing an `e` character is passed to the `--ci-build-id` flag, Cypress now properly reads it as a string. Fixes {% issue 8874 %}.

**Misc:**

- Updated type definitions to allow for passed either `runMode` or `openMode` to `retries` alone. Addresses {% issue 8869 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `electron` from `10.1.3` to `10.1.5`. Addresses {% issue 8927 %}, {% issue 8975 %}.
  - This addresses a Chrome security issue, CVE-2020-15999. Addresses {% issue 8922 %}.
- Upgraded `color-string` from `1.5.3` to `1.5.4`. Addresses {% issue 8945 %}.
- Upgraded `pretty-bytes` from `^5.3.0` to `^5.4.1`. Addresses {% issue 8964 %}.
