# 5.6.0

*Released 11/09/2020*

**Features:**

- You can now dynamically add aliases for requests intercepted via {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %}. {% url "See an example" route2#Aliasing-individual-requests %}. Addresses {% issue 387 %}.
- You can now run all integration specs or all component specs separately (or a filtered list of specs) by clicking the appropriate button in the Test Runner in the *Tests* tab. Addresses {% issue 8302 %}.
- We now show a modal with release notes when available when there is a new version of Cypress. Addressed in {% issue 9006 %}.
- In the Test Runner's *Settings* and *Runs* tab you can now quickly copy the project id configuration and record key using a copy to clipboard icon. Addresses {% issue 9002 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression introduced in {% url "4.12.0" changelog#4-12-0 %} where snapshotting caused images to load too many times. Fixes {% issue 8679 %}.
- Using {% url "`cy.visit()`" visit %} on sites with `content-type` of `text-html` followed by parameters (like `text/html;charset=utf-8`) will no longer throw an error about visiting a site with an invalid content-type. Fixes {% issue 8506 %}
- The `Cannot access 'continueSent' before initialization` error will no longer throw when using {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %}. Fixes {% issue 8926 %}.
- Awaiting a request body when providing a static response stub in {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} should now work properly. Addressed in {% issue 9059 %}.
- The way that intercepted {% url "`cy.route2()`" route2 %} requests are displayed in the Command Log has been improved, including showing the progress bar correctly. Addresses {% issue 9053 %}.
- The `Cannot read property 'replace' of undefined` error will no longer throw when attempting to generate the stack trace from an error thrown in the application. Fixes {% issue 7915 %}.
- Stack traces in the Command Log originating from application errors where the location is unavailable will no longer show as a clickable link to open in IDE. Fixes {% issue 9106 %}.
- When using the `fixture:` prefix as a stubbed response to {% url "`cy.route()`" route %}, JSON fixtures containing only a number or boolean will no longer throw an error. Fixes {% issue 4899 %}.

**Misc:**

- Typings for {% url "`.invoke()`" invoke %} and {% url "`.its()`" its %} now allow for a `timeout` option. Addresses {% issue 9079 %}.
- Typings for `cy.task()` now allow for parameterizing the task return type. Addresses {% issue 7136 %}.
- A clearer error is printed during `cypress cache list` when no cached versions are found. Addresses {% issue 6303 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `commander` from `^4.1.1` to `^5.1.0`. Addressed in {% issue 8979 %}.
- Upgraded `semver` from `6.3.0` to `7.3.2`. Addressed in {% issue 9068 %}.
- Upgraded `systeminformation` from `4.26.9` to `4.27.11`. Addressed in {% issue 8979 %}.
- Removed `node-webkit-updater`. This should remove some security warnings that were shown during install. Addresses {% issue 8314 %}.
