# 6.0.0

*Released 11/23/2020*

**Summary:**

Cypress now offers full network stubbing support with the introduction of the {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} command (previously `cy.route2()`). With {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} your tests can intercept, modify and wait on any type of HTTP request originating from your app.

**Breaking Changes:**

**{% fa fa-exclamation-triangle red %} Please read our {% url "Migration Guide" migration-guide %} which explains the changes in more detail and how to change your code to migrate to Cypress 6.0.**

- Cypress now always throws an error when asserting on an element that doesn't exist in the DOM (unless you're asserting that the element should `not.exist`). Assertions such as `not.visible`, `not.contains`, `not.have.class`, etc will now fail when used on non-existent DOM elements. Addresses {% issue 205 %}.
- DOM elements where the CSS style (or ancestors) are `opacity: 0` are no longer considered visible. However these are still considered {% url "actionable" interacting-with-elements %} and {% url "any action commands"  interacting-with-elements#Actionability %} used to interact with the element will perform the action. This matches browser's implementation on how they regard elements with `opacity: 0`. Addresses {% issue 4474 %}.
- The type yielded by {% url "`cy.wait(alias)`" wait %} has changed in order to support use of {% url "`cy.http()`" http %}. Addressed in {% issue 9266 %}.
- The `experimentalNetworkStubbing` option has been removed and made the default behavior. You can safely removed this configuration option. Addressed in {% issue 9185 %}.
- When using {% url "`.type()`" type %} and {% url "`.click()`" click %} on elements inside a `contenteditable` element, the events are now properly triggered on the inside elements. This may cause unintended consequences if you were relying on the previous behavior. Addressed in {% issue 9066 %}.
- We removed several deprecation errors around APIs that were removed in versions of Cypress prior to 4.0.0. This will not cause any changes for anyone upgrading from a 4.0+ version of Cypress. For a full list of all APIs affected see {% issue 8946 %}.
- We updated our HTTP status codes and reason phrases to match Node.js `http.STATUS_CODES`. If you have code that relies on a reason phrase, then this could affect you. Addressed in {% issue 8969 %}.

**Deprecations:**

Deprecations still work as before but will be removed from Cypress in a future release. We encourage you to update your code now to remove uses of deprecations.

- `cy.server()` and `cy.route()` have been deprecated. In a future release, support for `cy.server()` and `cy.route()` will be moved to a plugin. We encourage you to use {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} instead. Addressed in {% issue 9185 %}.
- `experimentalFetchPolyfill` has been deprecated. We encourage you to use {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} to intercept requests using the Fetch API instead.
- `cy.route2()` was renamed to {% url "`cy.http()`" http %}. We encourage you to update usages of `cy.route2()` to use {% url "`cy.http()`" http %}. Addressed in {% issue 9182 %}.

**Features:**

- The new {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} command can be used to manage the behavior of HTTP requests at the network layer. Addressed in {% issue 9182 %}.
- We now pass `—disable-dev-shm-usage` to the Chrome browser flags by default. This will write shared memory files into `/tmp` instead of `/dev/shm`. If you're passing this flag in your `plugins` file, you can now remove this code. Addresses {% issue 5336 %}.
- A warning is now displayed when passing invalid configuration keys through the CLI. Addresses {% issue 428 %}.
- The `cypress version` command now also displays the current Electron and bundled Node versions. Addresses {% issue 9180 %}.
- The `cypress version` command now accepts a `--component` flag that allows you to print the version of specific components of Cypress. ie Electron, Node, etc. Addresses {% issue 9214 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- We fixed a regression introduced in {% url "3.5.0" changelog#3-5-0 %} that would cause {% url "`.type()`" type %} to not type the entire string when focus was called away from the target element. Fixes {% issue 9254 %}.
- {% url "`.type()`" type %} and {% url "`.click()`" click %} now properly work on elements inside a `contenteditable` element. Fixes {% issue 2717 %} and {% issue 7721 %}.
- We fixed a regression introduced in {% url "5.6.0" changelog#5-6-0 %} that would cause the Test Runner to crashes and display a white page when switching tabs while tests are running. Fixes {% issue 9151 %}.

**Documentation Changes:**

- Our {% url "Migration Guide" migration-guide %} has a new section for 6.0 migration.
- Many of our docs examples have been updated to use {% url "`cy.http()`" http %} in place of `cy.route()` including our {% url "Network Requests" network-requests %} doc.

**Misc:**

- Added the type of `redirects` and changed `redirectedToUrl` optional for Response types. Addresses {% issue 9275 %}.

**Dependency Updates**

- Upgraded Chrome browser version used during `cypress run` and when selecting Electron browser in `cypress open` from `85` to `87`. Addressed in {% PR 9222 %}.
- Upgraded bundled Node.js version from `12.16.3` to `12.18.3`. Addressed in {% PR 9222 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `10.1.5` to `11.0.2`. Addressed in {% PR 9222 %}.
