# 6.1.0

*Released 12/07/2020*

**Features:**

- There's a new `scrollBehavior` configuration option that controls the viewport position when an element is scrolled prior to action commands. Possible values are `'top'`, `'bottom'`, `'center'`, `'nearest'`, and `false`, with `'top'` being the default. `scrollBehavior: false` disables scrolling altogether. `scrollBehavior` can be specified in {% url "global configuration" configuration#Actionability %}, {% url "test configuration" writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Configuration %} or individual {% url "action commands" interacting-with-elements %} via `options`. Addresses {% issue 871 %} and {% issue 4356 %}.
- The **Tests** tab in the Test Runner now orders folders before files. This matches the ordering of most IDEs' file explorers. Addresses {% issue 7334 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Responses stubbed from {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} will now automatically set `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` and `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` to permissive values unless explicitly overridden. Fixes {% issue 9264 %}.
- The `Cannot read property "fireChangeEvent" of undefined` error will no longer throw during a race condition when using {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %}. https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/9170
- HTTP responses that cannot have a body (like HTTP 304 and HTTP 204) can now be awaited using {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %}. Fixes {% issue 8934 %} and {% issue 8999 %}.
- We fixed an issue where HTTP redirects could not be awaited using {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} unless dynamically intercepted. Addressed in {% issue 9097 %}.
- We no longer strip `/` from URLs when they are explicitly passed with query paramaters. Fixes {% issue 9360 %}.

**Deprecations:**

Deprecations still work as before but will be removed from Cypress in a future release. We encourage you to update your code now to remove uses of deprecations.

- {% url "`Cypress.moment`" moment %} has been deprecated and will be replaced in a future release. Consider migrating to a different datetime formatter. Addresses {% issue 8714 %}.

**Misc:**

- We collect more environment variables from Bitbucket to better detect reruns. Addresses {% issue 9309 %}.
- `waitForAnimations` and `animationDistanceThreshold` types are now included for all actionable commands. Addresses {% issue 8854 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `mocha-junit-reporter` from `1.23.1` to `2.0.0`. Addressed in {% issue 9528 %}.
