# 6.2.0

*Released 12/21/2020*

**Features:**

- You can now listen to `before:run` and `after:run` events in the plugins file. See the {% url "`before:run`" before-run-api %} and {% url "`after:run`" after-run-api %} docs for more information. Addressed in {% issue 14238 %} and {% issue 14263 %}.
- You can now listen to `before:spec` and `after:spec` events in the plugins file. See the {% url "`before:spec`" before-spec-api %} and {% url "`after:spec`" after-spec-api %} docs for more information. Addressed in {% issue 9646 %} and {% issue 14178 %}.
- The `Timed out retrying` error message now displays the amount of time Cypress retried. Addresses {% issue 5781 %}.
- The RouteMatcher argument for {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} has a new `matchUrlAgainstPath` property. When set to `true`, Cypress will match the supplied `url` against incoming `path`s. Addressed in {% issue 14241 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Passing a URL as a string or RegExp to {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} will automatically set `matchUrlAgainstPath` to `true`. This means that the supplied string or RegExp will be matched against the **path** if matching against the **URL** fails. Fixes {% issue 9379 %} and {% issue 14256 %}.
- Getting an alias of {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} using {% url "`cy.get()`" get %} will no longer always yield `null`. Fixes {% issue 9306 %}.
- {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} will now automatically responds to CORS preflight requests (HTTP `OPTIONS` requests) that match defined routes. Fixes {% issue 9599 %}.
- Response errors from `forceNetworkError` can now be awaited using {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} and {% url "`cy.wait()`" wait %}. Fixes {% issue 9062 %}.
- Using {% url "`cy.log()`" log %} inside {% url "`.then()`" then %} no longer breaks the subject value in the command chain. Fixes {% issue 8084 %}.
- Using {% url "`Cypress.Commands.overwrite`" custom-commands#Overwrite-Existing-Commands %} to overwrite {% url "`.then()`" then %} now preserves the proper `this` context and sets aliases correctly. Fixes {% issue 5101 %}.
- Using {% url "`Cypress.Commands.overwrite`" custom-commands#Overwrite-Existing-Commands %} to overwrite {% url "`cy.route()`" route %} or {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} and wait on its alias now properly works. Fixes {% issue 3890 %} and {% issue 9580 %}.
- Cypress no longer fails to find specs if you set the fixtures folder to be the same as the integration folder. Fixes {% issue 14226 %}.

**Misc:**

- `scrollBehavior` is now an allowed type when passed as test configuration. Addresses {% issue 9643 %}.
- The `FileObject` type for the file argument of the `file:preprocessor` event now includes the `EventEmitter` type. Addresses {% issue 9276 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `electron` from `11.0.2` to `11.0.3`. Addressed in {% issue 9409 %}.
