# 6.3.0

*Released 1/19/2021*

**Features:**

- {% url "**Cypress Studio**" cypress-studio %} provides a visual way to generate tests within the Test Runner, by *recording interactions* against the application under test. Cypress Studio is an experimental feature that can be enabled by adding the {% url "`experimentalStudio`" experiments %} attribute to your configuration, `cypress.json` by default. Address {% issue 73 %}.
- **You can now test file downloads in Cypress** without the download prompt displaying. Any files downloaded while testing file downloads will be stored in the {% url "`downloadsFolder`" configuration#Downloads %} which is set to `cypress/downloads` by default. The `downloadsFolder` will be deleted before each run unless {% url "`trashAssetsBeforeRuns`" configuration#Downloads %} is set to `false`. Addresses {% issue 949 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- When an uncaught exception is thrown outside a suite with an `.only`, the error will now correctly display in the Command Log. Fixes {% issue 14455 %}.
- Cypress will no longer crash when no record key is provided to the `--key` flag when followed by other CLI flags. Fixed {% issue 14593 %}.
- Extra screenshots will no longer be taken when tests are retried when there is a failure in an `afterEach` hook. Fixes {% issue 9209 %}.
- Having `waitForAnimations` set to `false` no longer affects whether Cypress fires actions on inner elements. Fixes {% issue 14370 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "5.0.0" changelog-5-0-0 %} that would cause string `CYPRESS_` prefixed env variables containing commas to be parsed as multiple values. Fixes {% issue 8818 %}.
- We fixed a regression in {% url "4.9.0" changelog-4-9-0 %} where asserting `have.value` on an undefined subject would throw an error. Fixes {% issue 14359 %}.
- We updated the CDP connection to attempt to use the stdio transport first with Chrome 72 and above, before falling back to using TCP. This should remediate issues causing sporadic "Cypress failed to make a connection to the Chrome DevTools Protocol after retrying" errors. Fixes {% issue 6540 %}, {% issue 7450 %}, {% issue 8674 %}, and {% issue 8986 %}.

**Misc:**

- We removed several Chrome flags that are no longer supported. Addressed in {% issue 14582 %}.
- You can now open the actively running spec file in your IDE. Addressed in {% issue 14521 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Replaced deprecated `node-sass` with `sass`. Addressed in {% PR 14415 %}.
- Upgraded `debug` from `4.1.1` to `4.3.1`. Addressed in {% issue 14583 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` from `11.0.3` to `11.2.0`. Addressed in {% issue 14567 %}.
- Upgraded `electron-builder` from `22.8.0` to `22.9.1`. Addressed in {% issue 14493 %}.
- Upgraded `shell-env` from `3.0.0` to `3.0.1`. Addressed in {% issue 14622 %}.
- Upgraded `uuid` from `8.2.0` to `8.3.2`. Addressed in {% issue 14170 %}.
