# 6.4.0

*Released 2/1/2021*

**Features:**

- There's now a {% url "Command Log" test-runner#Command-Log %} entry in the Test Runner for when a file is downloaded. Addresses {% issue 14749 %}.

**Deprecations:**

- The `delayMs` option for {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} has been renamed to `delay`. `delayMs` will still work, but it is deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Addresses {% issue 14822 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed an issue causing a webpack compilation error when a `browserslist` is present in project root. Addresses {% issue 8864 %}.
- Fixed an issue with {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} where aliases set via `req.alias` containing a period character would not work as expected. Addresses {% issue 14444 %}.
- Fixed an issue where delays set using {% url "`cy.intercept()`" intercept %} would not work as expected. Addresses {% issue 14446 %}.
- Reverted a change to how the Chrome DevTools Protocol is established. Instead of using stdio and then falling back to TCP, Cypress now only uses TCP to try to connect to Chrome DevTools Protocol. Addresses {% issue 14819 %}.
- We now better handle spec paths containing special characters so they properly show in the code frame and work when interacting via your IDE. Addresses {% issue 14659 %}.
- We addressed several issues with the experimental {% url "Cypress Studio" cypress-studio %}. To enable the Cypress Studio you can set `experimentalStudio` to `true` in your Cypress configuration. Issues addressed:
  - Cypress Studio now prompts to start adding commands after visiting an inputted url. Addresses {% issue 14688 %}.
  - Empty `.type()` commands will no longer be generated when tabbing through inputs. Addresses {% issue 14684 %}.
  - Cypress Studio no longer prompt to enter a URL if the test is in an errored state. Addresses {% issue 14686 %}.
  - Cypress Studio now reloads tests when `watchForFileChanges` is `false`. Addresses {% issue 14744 %}.
  - An empty `.click()` command will no longer be added before `.type()` in Cypress Studio when it is followed by typed characters. Addresses {% issue 14685 %}.
  - Cypress Studio will now use the correct selector for an element even if the click event changed the selectors. Addresses {% issue 14658 %}.
  - Multi-select `selects` are now supported in Cypress Studio. Addresses {% issue 14743 %}.
  - There's an improved UI for command failures within Cypress Studio. Addresses {% issue 14691 %}.
  - The Selector Playground is now closed automatically when Cypress Studio is opened. {% issue 14689 %}.

**Misc:**

- The "no specs found" error now displays which directory it searched for specs. Addresses {% issue 14532 %}.
- More types for the resolved config property have been added. Addresses {% issue 14392 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `@cypress/get-windows-proxy` to version `1.6.2`. Addressed in {% issue 14711 %}.
- Upgraded `electron` to version `11.2.1`. Addressed in {% issue 14764 %}.
- Upgraded `recast` to version `0.20.4`. Addressed in {% issue 14623 %}.
- Upgraded `registry-js` to version `1.13.0`. Addressed in {% issue 14668 %}.
- Upgraded `semantic-release` to version `17.2.3`. Addressed in {% issue 14713 %}.
- Upgraded `systeminformation` to version `4.31.1`. Addressed in {% issue 14715 %}.
