# 6.7.0

*Released 3/xx/2021*

**Features:**

- The `experimentalRunEvents` configuration flag has been removed. You can now listen to `before:run`, `after:run`, `before:spec` and `after:spec` events in the plugins file without needing the {% url "`experimentalRunEvents`" experiments %} configuration option. See the {% url "`before:run`" before-run-api %}, {% url "`after:run`" after-run-api %}, {% url "`before:spec`" before-spec-api %} and {% url "`after:spec`" after-spec-api %} docs for more information. Addressed in {% issue 15276 %}.
- A command log entry is now displayed when there is an uncaught exception or unhandled promise rejection. Addressed in {% issue 15344 %}.
- When canceling a run from the Dashboard, previously only parallelized runs would cancel correctly. Now all recorded runs will respect cancelation and exit early. Addresses {% issue 1691 %}.
- {% url "Test configuration" writing-and-organizing-tests#Test-Configuration %} is now captured and sent when recording to the Dashboard. Addressed in {% issue 14925 %}.
- Cypress now sends test details to the Dashboard at the beginning of a recorded run, so historical test code and other data can be provided to the Dashboard upfront. Addressed in {% issue 14925 %}.
- The full stack trace from errors thrown in the preprocessor are now displayed. Addressed in {% issue 15198 %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- ffmpeg will no longer error ("width not divisible by 2") during video recording in Chromium-family browsers, including Chrome, Electron, and Edge. Fixes {% issue 3491 %} and {% issue 15300 %}.
- {% url "`cy.wait()`" wait %} no longer falsely returns a timeout when the user aborts an XHR. Fixes {% issue 9549 %}.
- {% url "`.clear()`" clear %} and {% url "`.type('{selectall}{del}')`" type %} now behave the same when they're used against elements that contain text inputs. Fixes {% issue 8447 %}.
- When using `experimentalStudio`, {% url "Cypress Studio" cypress-studio %} now records typing by using the value of the input rather than the keys that were pressed. Studio also no longer records pressing special keys (such as arrows or ctrl) except for Enter. Fixes {% issue 15023 %}.
- Empty jQuery objects are now properly shown in error messages in the Command Log. Fixes {% issue 14279 %}.
- Length assertions on DOM elements now properly show the user-defined assertion message if specified. Fixes {% issue 14484 %}.
- Errors shown from plugins files now display top-aligned. Addressed in {% issue 15347 %}.

**Dependency Updates:**

- Upgraded `electron` from `11.2.3` to `11.3.0`. Addressed in {% issue 15201 %}.
