## 0.12.0

_Released 10/23/2015_

**Summary:**

- XHR handling has been rewritten to be much more flexible, extensible, and
  future-proof.

**Breaking Changes:**

- The object you receive after waiting on an XHR alias is now different.
  Previously this was a `FakeXMLHttpRequest` object which came from Sinon.js.
  Now it is a special `XMLHttpRequest` object which comes from Cypress. You may
  need to rewrite some of your assertions but we've tried to keep the signatures
  as close as possible.
- The XHR's URL property will now always return you a
  `Fully Qualified Domain Name` including the origin, port, host, etc.
  Previously the URL property represented whatever the XHR was opened with.
  We've worked around this difference by when checking whether an XHR should be
  stubbed, the origin is tested both as present and omitted.

**Deprecations:**

- Accessing `requestJSON` or `responseJSON` on XHR objects is deprecated, and
  will be removed in the next version. Accessing those properties will throw a
  warning which explains how to rewrite these.
- `cy.respond` is _temporarily_ deprecated because the semantics of how this
  works is completely different and will require more work (mentioned later on)
  before this can be re-enabled again.

**Features:**

- All XHR's (regardless of whether they are stubbed or not) are now logged in
  the Command Log. Stubbed XHR's display as "XHR Stub" vs vanilla "XHR".
- Stubbed XHR's will now show up in the `Network Tab` in Dev Tools. In other
  words they will _really_ go out and you'll be able to inspect them just like
  regular XHRs.
- Regular XHR's can now be aliased and waited on without actually being stubbed
  by passing `{stub: false}` to the [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route).
- XHR's will continue to work correctly even _after_ a test ends. In previous
  versions, due to replacing the entire XHR object, your application would not
  work correctly after a test ended. This prevented you from "navigating around"
  and working with your app after the tests end.
- Servers can now be disabled in the middle of a test. Previously once a server
  was started all XHR's would be stubbed.
- You can now disable the force sending of `404` to all XHR's which are not
  stubbed. This allows you to mix and match, enabling some requests to be
  stubbed and others to hit your server and respond normally.
- The default XHR configuration can now be overwritten in a single area.
- Many new configuration options are available for controlling how XHR's are
  stubbed.
- XHR's now include an `Initiator` stack regardless of whether they're stubbed.
  The `Initiator` stack includes the stack which caused the XHR to be created
  and sent.
- The `onConsole` information related to an XHR has been updated to make it
  easier to understand why a route was or was not stubbed, and its associated
  request and response headers.
- Response headers on XHR stubs will now automatically set their `Content-Type`
  based on the stub response. Previously this would always set to the
  `Content-Type` to `application/json`. Now if you force a response to be text
  or html, the `Content-Type` response header will be set appropriately.
- You can now force other additional response headers to be sent on stubbed
  XHRs.
- XHR's now snapshot twice - when the request is made and when the response is
  returned.
- Removed sending `sinon` on every [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit).
- The XHR object which is returned to you to via
  [`cy.wait()`](/api/commands/wait) is now more consistent with other return
  values such as [`cy.request()`](/api/commands/request). It should be much
  easier to work with `request body`, `request headers`, `response body` and
  `response headers`.

**Bugfixes:**

- Routes no longer display as duplicated in between test runs when
  [`cy.server()`](/api/commands/server) is started prior to a
  [`cy.visit()`](/api/commands/visit) and you cause a full page refresh, which
  caused all routes to be re-bound.
- Any issues related to `requestJSON` or `responseJSON` being duplicated are now
  fixed. Fixes [#65](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/65).
- Fully Qualified XHR's which should be proxied are now correctly transparently
  rewritten to prevent CORS problems.
- [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route) - `onRequest` and `onResponse` callbacks
  are now called with `cy` as the context.
- Filtering assets which should never be stubbed has been improved. Now `.jsx`
  templates pass-through correctly.
- CORS Network Errors are now correctly caught.

**Misc:**

- All `ng` based commands now display in the Command Log.
- The built in XHR response delay has been removed since now all requests really
  go over the HTTP stack, which inherently has its own delay. You can still
  optionally force responses to be delayed by a set amount.

**Almost there:**

- Support for the native `fetch` object.
- Configuration to automatically force Cypress to wait for outstanding XHR's
  (like it does for other Page Events). This would mean when testing more
  traditional apps without XHR stubbing, commands would automatically wait until
  all outstanding XHR's complete. The internal retry loop needs to be rewritten
  to make this possible, but the XHR architecture is now there.
