## 0.13.4

_Released 12/31/2015_

**Features:**

- Added `waitForAnimations` and `animationDistanceThreshold`
  [configuration options](/guides/references/configuration#Animations).
- Cypress now automatically detects and waits for an element which is animating
  to stop animating. The threshold that Cypress considers _animating_ is set to
  a distance of `5px` per `60fps`. In other words, if your element is moving too
  fast for a user to interact with, then Cypress considers the element animating
  and will wait until it finishes before attempting to interact with it. When we
  say 'interact' we mean apply command actions like
  [`.click()`](/api/commands/click), [`.select()`](/api/commands/select),
  [`.type()`](/api/commands/type), [`.check()`](/api/commands/check), etc.
  Waiting for animations prevents a series of edge cases and weird bugs where
  Cypress was interacting with elements **too** quickly which might cause
  undesired side effects in your application which are hard to track down. The
  downside to this implementation is that for every action Cypress must wait at
  least 2 run loops before applying actions. This slows down every action
  command by about `32ms`. If your app does not use animations you may wish to
  turn off this behavior in your `cypress.json` file.

**Bugfixes:**

- Prevent `undefined` error when attempting to [`.click()`](/api/commands/click)
  an element which is fixed position when it is covered by another element.
  Cypress now correctly provides why it cannot click the element in question.
  Fixes [#90](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/90).
- Prevent infinite loop in edge cases when checking whether an element was
  hidden.

**Misc:**

- The default behavior of [`cy.server()`](/api/commands/server) has changed from
  `force404: true` to become `force404: false`. In other words, Cypress will no
  longer forcibly send XHR's to 404 status when these XHR's do not match any
  existing [`cy.route()`](/api/commands/route). This change better aligns with
  predictable usage for most Cypress users.
