# 0.12.6

*Released 11/29/2015*

**Features:**

- There are now {% url 'Getting Started' installing-cypress %} docs including {% url 'configuration' configuration %} for `cypress.json`
- Cypress now silently restarts the server whenever it detects a change to `cypress.json` - meaning you no longer have to manually reboot the server for changes to be picked up.
- There is a new {% url `Cypress.config` config %} interface - akin to {% url `Cypress.env` env %} which provides access to configuration values.

**Bugfixes:**

- Setup/Teardown code was not properly running on nested Mocha `before`hooks which caused the error: `The XHR server is unavailable or missing...`. Fixes {% issue 80 '#80' %} and {% issue 86 '#86' %}.
- Prevent accidental mutation of {% url `cy.server()` server %} options when {% url `cy.route()` route %} was provided options. Fixes {% issue 84 '#84' %} and {% issue 85 '#85' %}.
- Using {% url `cy.title()` title %} would incorrectly search the `<body>` for title elements, and is now restricted to only searching in the `<head>`
- Cross-Origin requests are now proxied by Cypress. In other words their URL's are transparently rewritten which bypasses CORS problems. This is a quick fix which should satisfy most of the problems users were having with CORS requests. However there is a much bigger change coming in `0.14.0` where the entire proxy layer will be rewritten to accommodate CORS, `window.fetch` and `domain cookies` flawlessly. As it stands Cypress is prone to errors in complex setups.

**Misc:**

- Exposed `visitTimeout` and `requestTimeout` {% url 'configuration' configuration %}.
- Increased `visitTimeout` from `20s` to `30s`.
- {% url `.click()` click %} will now throw if you are attempting to click more than 1 element. Pass `{multiple: true}` to enable this behavior again. Each element will be clicked serially and inserted into the Command Log.

