# 0.17.2

*Released 09/06/2016*

**Notes:**

- After this update if you are seeing `<iframe>` origin errors *please let us know* by {% url "opening an issue" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/new %}. We will screen-share with you to diagnose the issue. We're no longer aware of any situation where this should happen, so if you're experiencing these bugs, please help us track them down.

**Features:**

- Attempting to {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} a non `text/html` resource will now throw a specific error message instead of bombing on page injection with an `<iframe`> origin error. You have to visit actual `html`, you cannot visit something like a `.json` or `.png`. If you're wanting to visit an API route on your back end that does something like set cookies (thus avoiding loading your UI) you can just use {% url `cy.request()` request %} for this since it will now automatically get and set cookies under the hood. Fixes {% issue 211 '#211' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- Fixed a regression in `0.17.1` that was incorrectly setting `Cache` headers. This *could* cause a situation where you received an `<iframe>` origin error. Additionally we now set `No-Cache` headers whenever we inject content, but otherwise respect the headers coming from web servers. When using Cypress as the file server, we set `etags` but prevent caching.
- Most likely fixed a bug that was crashing Cypress due to `Cannot set headers after they've been sent`. We were unable to write a test for this since we could not recreate the error, but analyzed how it *may* happen and fixed the code there. {% open_an_issue %} if you see this error, it will be obvious since Cypress will literally crash.
- We stopped minifying `vendor.js` (for real this time). More optimizations to come around this.
- Prevented accidentally setting `domain` cookies when they were really `hostOnly` cookies, thus duplicating the number of cookies sent on requests. Kudos to {% url "@bahmutov" https://github.com/bahmutov %} for finding this one. Fixes {% issue 207 '#207' %}.
- Fixed some edge cases in `cypress-core-extension` where it threw errors when attempting to `executeScript` on a tab with `about:blank` or `chrome://` urls.
- We've fixed some underlying issues with {% url `cy.go()` go %} during `cypress run`. It always worked fine in real Chrome. Previously there were some situations where it would not navigate forward / back correctly.

**Misc:**

- No longer force {% url `cy.visit()` visit %} to navigate to `about:blank` prior to navigating to the real url. Fixes {% issue 208 '#208' %}.
- {% url `cy.writeFile()` writefile %} can now accept an empty string. Fixes {% issue 206 '#206' %}.
- Improved error messages for {% url `cy.readFile()` readfile %} and {% url `cy.writeFile()` writefile %}.
- The full file path is now included in console output for {% url `cy.readFile()` readfile %} and {% url `cy.writeFile()` writefile %}.
- The {% url "Kitchen Sink" https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress-example-kitchensink %} and `example_spec.js` have been updated to reflect the newest changes and features of `0.17.1`.

