# 0.19.2

*Released 04/16/2017*

**Features:**

- You can now run your tests in the {% url 'Electron browser' launching-browsers#Electron-Browser %} that comes built with Cypress. You will see it as an option in the browser dropdown. This is the same browser that Cypress uses when running `cypress run`. This is useful for debugging issues that only occur during headless runs. Addresses {% issue 452 '#452' %}.
- New traversal commands {% url `.nextAll()` nextall %}, {% url `.nextUntil()` nextuntil %}, {% url `.parentsUntil()` parentsuntil %}, {% url `.prevAll()` prevall %}, and {% url `.prevUntil()` prevuntil %} have been added. Addresses {% issue 432 '#432' %}.

**Bugfixes:**

- An error is now thrown if an `undefined` value is mistakenly passed into {% url `cy.wait()` wait %}. Previously, it would set the command timeout to an unimaginably large number of ms. Fixes {% issue 332 '#332' %}
- Fixed issue where the contents of `state.json` were emptied, which would cause a crash and loss of state information. Fixes {% issue 473 '#473' %} and {% issue 474 '#474' %}.
- We no longer write the chrome extension within `node_modules`, and instead write this to the proper OS specific `appData` folder. Fixes {% issue 245 '#245' %} and {% issue 290 '#290' %}.

**Misc:**

- Error handling for invalid arguments passed to {% url `cy.wait()` wait %} have been improved and will now suggest valid arguments that are acceptable.
- Browsers in the browser dropdown now have colored icons, which help visually distinguish the variants of Chrome.
- Increased timeout for browser to make a connection when running during `cypress run` from 10 seconds to 30 seconds.
- Internally refactored how browsers are added and spawned in preparation of us adding cross browser support.
- Switching specs in the GUI now closes the browser and respawns it and refocuses it.

